e
e e
[Music]
it's
only say show won't you hold your rep
[Music]
seen
all and over my should every smile
[Music]
you up
y keep breathing
[Music]
you don't
you me
I to
[Music]
seey
to hold my
head keep on brething anything
[Music]
you know what I am when the worst is
every smilees
[Music]
a little
hold to keep on
[Music]
bre I'm
oh I'm really excited about
burer
my
is
[Music]
Fe
exciteder exced
[Music]
that's not it
works
[Music]
exit
midn yeah I don't know want to get
Subway yeah I
guess why am I
seeing why am I seeing save seven
[Music]
si7 on
Steam you can pre- purchase
[Music]
it do we have a leader list for sub
seven yet
s have seven leaders
list
Amina for
the
uh
[Music]
demon everything
for warning I love you but it's it's
time to time time to
whoa confuscious
more coming
soon pakie is
back
interesting how many hours do I have
until like normal Civ is a question I
have I'm not eating
styrofoam I have 528 hours to Civ Civ 5
and almost 100 siiv
six so how's it going to be for for me
with
uh with sub
seven it's going to be
interesting hey at least it's not as bad
as like my Counter Strike
hours which are which is
abysmal it's just bad for my health
it's a lot of hour since
shooting oh and today we
have the real
ones today we have the real ones No
Frills just the classics only the
classics C go the reason
no I don't give a [__] about a Counter
Strike anymore why do I have a ribbon
for this
earned all oh one
achievement
nice
um
okay the
uh what was I saying excuse me that ARA
toilet yeah sure
I
dare
problematic
but let's see we are we are doing disco
again
today uh wait I need to undef don't I
I don't know if BD's here
yet is baddy here yet oh you are you are
here yet
nice
um we're going to
do we're do the padle
they had a tab without it showing on the
other screen we can just uh wait there
we go that'll fix
it Pon ponad
doll do I
know oh
no what is this
oh no I don't
know holy [__] I don't
know it's not beauty
lies just typing beauty lies because I
don't know what else to put right now
okay oh it's my letter to the princess
okay fluffy you you are you have the
power oh let's
voyages
Harbor
Harbor Harbor part one help me you're so
mean to
me
videos don't need to fix
[Music]
this
what
oh I don't know why I didn't think it
was constellation
cradle help me oh I'm I'm fumbling this
time I'm fumbling this
game oh my
God I'm fumbling I kind of like I kind
of screwed that out
oh
well I've made too much
music
okay H shouldn't count as a
loss we'll play this disco game
how long did Bas Canon take you to
[Music]
make I feel like I have a
a a
date do
I oh no I don't
I wonder if I could just find the uh the
demo files that would give me an
answer base
cannon so there's two ways of looking at
this I made a demo called
zenor which was
like some sound design I did just a
sound design demo
[Music]
and so I wasn't making that with base
cannon in mind I was just making that
for fun but that was on October 8th of
2022 the first demo for base cannon is
this
[Music]
one which was 10 days
later and then seems like the final file
for base cannon
was on January
21st so October November December it
took like two months but I wasn't like
working constantly on
it um the past like three or four albums
what I do is
like I'll try and get like a decent demo
for each song in my idea list and then
once I have a demo that fits everything
then I go through and just like finish
each and one each one of
them so I wouldn't say it took two
months of work finishing base Canon it
was just
like um maybe like a week or
two of time total on base cannon cuz
there AR not there are not a lot of
demos for this
one I typically label demos by like
sessions so like every time I go in a
dedicated day to working on something I
export it and then that becomes the demo
number and I have a I have four demos
and one final
file so there are probably five days
where I made I worked on base cannon
like
dedicatedly um one of the hardest songs
in the album to do was Crush kill
destroy swag As I kept jumping between
too many different ideas
it's like the original version of crush
Killer story swag had
[Music]
[Applause]
like not that
[Music]
one is that different vocal
take can you forget your
face an assembly
L A sickly
[Music]
place
tast I don't remember that vocal take
[Music]
but oh I forgot there was this version
night
[Music]
okay and then there
is okay this this is the one that's
really different
[Music]
[Applause]
he
[Music]
let's get to the end let's get to this
part
[Music]
not got gutted for for a base cannon
instead um I've always been fast at
making music but I attribute a lot of
that to Ableton because I know Ableton
so [__]
well that if I think something in my
head usually my hands can automatically
just do what needs to be done in Ableton
I don't even think about it um another
part of it is I'm
impatient if I don't get to something
that I want to listen to already within
a short period of time I don't want to
keep doing
it uh so it's like I have to know how to
like stimulate my monkey brain to like
to to to to continue to want to work on
something and so I've also gotten into
practices where I'm like stimulating
myself enough to like work on something
more and more and
more um what's funny is
like cuz my background is strictly in
EDM music and I learned lots of like
time-saving
shortcuts while starting out that way
and now that I do a lot of stuff that
isn't that anymore those shortcuts and
like workflow ideas still Prett persist
when I'm making other genres of music so
it's like there is a huge advantage in
starting in in like the genres that I
did uh because they they teach you a lot
about
efficiency
um the other thing is I play guitar I
play instruments I mean guitar is
instrument I play guitar I play piano
and I play drums and I sing so when I
don't want to spend hours and hour
editing midi I can literally just like
perform something which is also a
timesaver being able to play instruments
helps a lot with production because you
can play it humanly with mistakes and
problems which is what makes it sound
better A lot of the
time uh and on piano usually if I hear
something in my head I can try and get
there
quickly uh I don't have any education in
music whatsoever so it's just like all
my
ear but
uh I think one of the struggle is a lot
of people not having like experience
with multiple different instruments and
so they have like even if you're a
songwriter or producer you might just
have one instrument you know how to use
and then that's you know some something
else has to fill in for the other ones
but I've spent time learning enough
rudimentary knowledge of each
one uh that I can just like hop on it
I'm still going to say I'm not like a
good guitar player like not at all all
um if I ever play a guitar in stream
it's going to be like really shoddy and
it's going to be like really like just
like whatever but I have so much fun
with it and I eventually do arrive at
stuff that is like writable and that's
what matters to me uh I don't want to
wait to write
music uh I don't want to rate wait to
write
music uh by waiting to be a virtuoso at
something like once I know how to do
enough Basics I'm just I'm I'm going in
there I don't give a [__] I'm going to
start making music with that thing and
I'll learn more about it along the way
like when I first started playing when I
first started making music uh I pretty
much only knew how to play like two
three note chords and I was like I'm not
going to wait to learn how to be I'm not
going to wait to be like the greatest
piano player in history to start writing
music I'm going to start doing that with
like my rudimentary knowledge um and I
just learned more things along the way
like producing teaches you more about
instruments
um Monarch is a basic it's a lot of
basic guitar stuff it really is I I feel
like if you wanted to get into guitar
you should listen to Monarch because
like I feel like everyone can play
what's on Monarch which is one of my
favorite things about it is it's like
you don't listen to it you're like oh
[__] I could never do that it's like I
want to like I want the album to be like
holy [__] you can do this because I
don't know [__] about
guitar any anyone can do it that's
that's the exciting thing about music is
like you listen to our music and you got
to you got to be like holy [__] I could
do that and you should
try I'm not being modest either like art
is just like
this the guitar stuff is so complex on
there I don't know if you realize but
how though it's just like power cords
and basic
scales power power cords with a with a
step up with with with a two two steps
up whatever you call
that like the the Foo Fighters power
cord whatever it is
the Everlong power
cord and like scales and guitar is just
like shapes you just look at a shape and
then you play
it like if you put me in a room with
actual guitarists I would look like the
like I would flounder around like the
most pathetic little beast ever
crazy Jazz chords I mean the Jazz chords
are mostly piano I could play jazz on
piano I don't know about my guitar what
was I doing on guitar that was like
jazz I I need someone to like tell me
what I did on the album cuz I don't know
HRI use HRI cord on there a lot what
does that sound
like I'm trying to
think oh do you do you mean like stuff
like like the
herotic like when I do the whole hold
on like one of
these like one of those
[Music]
wait
wait am I just like play along to this
theme song right
now to this like to this menu theme
[Music]
d
and on this guitar specifically this
goes up to two octaves I can hit that
note it's so
[Music]
great that note is so
good on can I show this on
camera this is the only guitar I have
that goes up to two octaves and I can
actually it's the only guitar I have
where I can hit the highest note too
because
because like this cutaway is so [__]
good so I can actually
get it's actually
[Music]
there I can actually hit that note I
don't have another guitar where I can
hit the highest note on the the highest
fret I could show actually I'll just
show this is the this is the fish
whisper
guitar
headless headless headless
one ters are down here it's really
cool now I know why everyone Tak this
give
[Music]
earlier anyway I don't I I don't really
know much about playing guitar anyone we
could do
[Music]
that
okay my mouse sensitivity goes down with
this game
what
why maybe it needs to
be why is my
mouse why is my mouse
is there is there a way to change the
game to be in Window
mode so I am not saying that
here that's your song heretic about
um it's about being surrounded by people
who are really bad influences and it's
like you're a heretic for going against
them but you're a heretic for like being
yourself as well you're like you're a
denter in a religious way to like no
matter what you do you're going to be
like demonized by
someone and so if you're going to be
demonized one way or another you tend to
stick with the status quo and it's about
being stuck in abuse Cycles like
that and being a bad person in that
because you you let that take over
you if that makes sense so it's
like you may as well the smarter person
would be the heretic to the bad
influencers rather than a heretic to the
well-meaning
people but again the less work you have
to put in as a person the more you tend
to just stick with the status
quo which was like definitely in my life
I was around bad people and then I was a
bad
person and I didn't want to fix anything
cuz everything was like well someone's
going to hate me so I may as well just
like not
change does anyone know if there's
there's a way to make this not full
screen cuz my mouse my mouse my mouse is
like oh wait hold up no wait I figured
it I think I might have figured it out
is it it might be Logitech freaking out
[__] you
Logitech [__] hate Logitech it's too
bad that their Mouse form factor is the
best for my
Hooves you shouldn't have to load my
[__] Mouse it's a [__] piece of
hardware
get
better okay I figured it
out I
think how do I disable this there
[__]
I remember when technology worked
genuinely I
do it's too bad it
doesn't okay nice I can complain about I
can complain about technology forever
I'm not going to subject everyone to
that all I'm saying is
though this [__] wireless mouse
why don't they just flash information
onto
it when my computer starts up I have to
wait for this to get my DPI settings so
I just sort of sit there while it's at
the lowest possible
DPI because they refuse to understand
how flashing
works or it's something about energy
saving or whatever I hate this [__] so
much so just
this okay okay
nice yeah basic I basically just like
when I turn on my computer I just have
to wait there until the DPI is
recognized there are onboard memory
settings in ghub yes but it forces it to
be on
like it forces us to be on constantly so
then you lose battery when you're not
using it
which is dumb because that's not
necessary my
keyboard this thing has has information
flash to it it doesn't need to be on for
the information to to be
maintained so
stupid
okay let's play the actual video
game yes oh baddy this is this is this
is the twink I was telling you
himim the
partner welcome to Crime romance and
biographies of famous people my name is
playance be welcome and please take
responsibility for the energy you bring
into this space
I am the proudest owner of our little
shop of
culture our little shop of
culture Annette yes my daughter I hope
she wasn't slacking off again with her
nose in science fiction tell me was she
at her post doing her job like a proper
girl wonderful did you talk to
her why not was she not friendly enough
were you not compelled to talk to
her oh yes okay that makes sense it's
working then yes do browse our book
sir as a young girl should be with the
proper attitude she'll have a bright
financial
future oh wait
there everyone is we're
winning think of a Coro from breath of
the Wild
let's say the lyrics of Survivor G I
don't remember like off the top of my
head because I don't remember most of my
lyrics off the top of my
head the heretic one I
did
um the whole any sudden move could
scatter them was like
picturing different people as like sort
of like
rats sort of that
idea sort of just like you have to like
tiptoe around people or else they'll
like freak out kind of idea and they
said a move will scatter them like
there's a bunch of rats and you're
supposed to like step carefully or else
they're going to start scurrying and
cause problems
stuff and seeing social situations
positive and negative within those those
boundaries if that makes
sense I think I also saw a commentary at
one point of someone saying that there
is like
a uh a mind water Duality narrative in
monarch of
monsters as evidence by there there's
something in the
water but that's actually not
true uh the the start of Survivor guil
where it says there something in the
water is because the concept of
survivors guilt is often used in the
context of like
shipwrecks so it's like survivors
survivors guilt will develop when like a
bunch of people are Shipwrecked and
everyone dies but one person and the
person who survives gets Survivor guilt
and so it's like there's something in
the water it's a body it's like the body
of the people who didn't
survive stuff like
that there's no like complicated Like
Water Mine Duality narrative in monarch
you you could you could ask you could
ask uh you could ask questions about the
monarchs take a second to like get into
the the mode
of of discam because there there's we we
got plenty of time this is probably
going to be a long stream
and then the one thing that everyone's
getting
wrong is that sexual assault is not the
meaning of every single lyric and
Monarch it's like just straight up
not everyone's like trying to find a way
for like every single line to be about
sexual assault where it's not it's a
whole mess of things it's more Nuance
than that
people can interpret the lyrics however
they want there that's the thing like
there's there's my intention and then
there's then there's a how people say
it about play dead play
dead if we just talking about if you're
just talking about play dead like the
the chor the play dead play dead play
dead um play dead is about trauma memory
suppression which is something I deal
with
uh
where either I can't remember something
because it's tied to something that my
brain is suppressing or I'm actively
attempting to suppress something and the
way that happens is like a memory or a
thought will pop up in my head and
before it has the chance to like
materialize into something tangible I
immediately push it into a different
corner and try to fill my head with a
different thought the idea of like play
play dead is
like where that memory that memory
suppression is so overwhelming whether
it's active or
subconscious that the only way to like
feel safe is to just play dead is to
just basically be dead that's that's the
idea behind play dead is it's like all
the [__] is happening I just have to be
roadkill in order for this to go
away uh
burn the Wallflower loneliness and power
so Wallflower equation is echoing some
of the sentiments of the heretic except
it's specifically about how loneliness
can make you more prone to like people
who want to take advantage of you and
people who want to be bad
influences and wflow equation makes that
very specific in that this narrative is
about
loneliness and how that makes you
susceptible and so the burn the
Wallflower is like
a point of
advice it's not tast it's
like it's a very very convoluted way of
saying in a short Snappy way just
because you're lonely doesn't mean you
should seek actively to try and fix that
as soon as possible loneliness isn't
intrinsically a bad thing it is
something that can be a negative
influence in your life but you you have
to do everything you can to avoid using
that as a way to like claw your way into
a lot of situations that you don't want
to be in and to burn the Wallflower is
to destroy the stereotype of a
Wallflower to destroy the stereotype of
a loner and to just admit that one of
the most important things you could have
is love for yourself first and
foremostly if you were completely alone
it is still a valid form of love to love
yourself therefore you're not
alone your brain is such a complex
series of neurons Concepts thoughts that
it it is it is very very reasonable to
consider selflove as being something
that that prevents true
loneliness so burn the Wallflower it's
like Stop The Stereotype of The Loner
loneliness empowers not because
loneliness is something you should seek
but you should allow it to empower you
to be a better person rather than to
seek desperate fixes to these things if
that makes
sense because throughout Wallflower
equation I'm thinking a very like
Wallflower equation is about actual very
specific people in my
life like every few lines I'm switching
who I'm talking to from my past and I'm
thinking about literally specific people
in my life and speaking directly to
them
um and the idea is is remembering how
they took advantage of me and how they
shaped me into like a pawn of their
worldview and how I let them I don't
want to be like oh wo is me like look at
what all these people did to me like no
I had self-control and I chose these
things too right it's like I had
self-control and I had enough awareness
to know that I was probably being like a
terrible person too so I don't want to
put it all on the people who who did the
this stuff right is there is there is
accountability and
self-recognition um
but with the wall flare equation it's
like thinking of this very specific
moments where that
happened and and considering Lon
loneliness as a part of
it
um I think the problem I have with a lot
of people's interpretations of Monarch
is it's about things done to me whereas
I really want people to focus on AR as
being like a reflection of the actions
I've taken though of the bad things I've
done of the bad person I've been I don't
want it I don't every I every like few
comments I see are people be like oh my
God sorry sorry all that stuff happened
to you it's like no no no no no no no
this isn't this isn't about what was
done to me this this is about what I did
this is about [__] that I did and like
the things that led me to doing those
things some of that stuff is is laid out
specifically and some of it is analogy
rather than
literal um and so I think that there
isn't I don't really want to give room
for the interpretation that people
should be sorry for me I don't want
people to say sorry for your trauma
sorry for your this sorry for that I
want people to just be like no I really
did kill all those people yeah you're
right you're right
P you got it you clocked
me no I didn't but
but
uh yeah that's that's what I can say wow
equation is
like really probably the most personal
song because a lot of it is just true
stories whereas other parts of Monarch
are
analogy or allegory and not totally
literal
but I saw something earlier I'm trying
to find
it so the line in in uh I was actually
talking about this before Monarch came
out that specific line
where uh where it's like saying anything
is trying too hard and but silence is a
bastard and then that's echoed in it's
just too much to come clean too little
to just uh to Just
Breathe uh and the idea is
like there is this dichotomy where I
have this temptation to just like go out
and tell everyone every bad thing I've
ever done in my
life but that makes no [__] sense cuz
like that's no one's entitled to that
and
also um no one
asked like just just going up to people
be like Hi here's my every
sin and so yeah some people don't even
care either which actually hurts more
cuz I really would prefer people hear
the [__] I've done in my life and be
like wow that sucks if I if if I were to
go out and say here are things I've done
and someone's like I don't [__] care
it's like oh wow do you have empathy or
a heart or something resembling Humanity
I don't know empathy is not the right
word CU not everyone has the same level
of capacity to experience it I guess
what I mean is like do you not have
morals but then the other thing is if I
don't say anything if don't talk about
these things then I feel crushed by my
own guilt and I feel like I'm dying
inside because I can't just talk about
it and so the answer to the survivor's
guilt questions are like to make the
album that's the middle
ground talking about the problems while
also maintaining like everyone's safety
and privacy at the same
time so it's like [__] everything sucks
so the album helps
basically I talk about it it sucks I
don't talk about it it sucks so the
album's the middle
ground but a lot of the album follows
these themes so if you like go into the
other
lyrics and consider those
themes and prob make a lot more
sense anyway if anyone had any more
lyrics questions I can try and answer
them if I remember
them but then we could just move on to
disco
elium some things I can't answer out of
being too
personal or having specific indications
of like things that have
happened like for some of the Wallflower
equs ones like I'm not going to say who
those people are for
example I mean it it the album starts
with
pest which is is an
example where the lyrics are
maybe I'm overthinking but you didn't
try your best the voices you wielded
turned you into a
pest which is like just evidence of of
all the weight behind Ono's
actions I've seen someone also
interpreting that as wolf speaking to
Starlight but that's not the case it's
just wolf speaking to
Wolf and then that the stanza after that
suffocating each moment killing her
slowly how long did it take were you
ever so worthy The Kill her slowly is
talking about Wolf's former
self kind of deal and not talk about
Starlite and the idea is
like the the question being asked in the
second stanza is just because you've
grown when how do we know it wasn't too
late were you ever worthy of of growing
anyway at what point do you decide
someone should just be
destroyed it's a question that's just
like unanswered throughout
pest Vitality glitch is just about
suffering because of of thinking of all
about all these things the trauma
suppression is no longer working and now
I remember
everything and it's just about like
feeling that suffering and like feeling
like I shouldn't do anything about it
because I deserve it
anyway that's the and when I smile I
Turn To Cry No happiness should be mine
and even if the Flames have long burned
out spare no kindness to the wolf the
house the different characters in the
Monarch
album
uh well there's wolf that's the
protagonist which is a standin for like
my experiences
and then there is just there's just Arya
who's like a god a God that's watching
over type situation that's like the main
Dynamic you need to
know what was behind it's alive it's
alive okay so storywise story-wise in
the flow of the
album at the end of Vitality glitch when
the when the Frankenstein sample comes
in that's to indicate that wolf has
completed her transformation and that's
when Wallflower equation
begins which is like you know we're
we're no longer able to resend anything
we're the path is is
determined it's just like wolf is
finally fully fully transformed type
[__]
okay I will get to this this video game
now
so I'm having a problem with this
character
where I feel defensive over the the kid
being so anxious but I feel like if I
rat on her the mom's just going to like
come down on her
harder oh anybody can be can anybody be
a sa these days each breath congeals in
rasters that's liter that's meant to be
think thought of like really a
terminally online sentence of just like
it raster as in you take a digital
object and you ferment it and solidify
it in place so if you do a dynamic like
drawing of some sort and then you group
your objects together and raster them
they become one discrete
object and it's and you can no longer
like pull apart the parts of it so the
idea is that is like feeling like
everything you do is is
observed and everything you do can is
like always going to be a reflection
always like you can't you can't
uh what's the
word just like it's it's just like hard
to know at what state your life is in
because you're just remembering these
things so
vly that they may as well be like uh
like an emblem on your brain or
something so it's literally just like
this image is
rasterized yeah you can't separate
yourself and your past actions it's hard
to distinguish these
things okay but again I have no idea
what to what to do here because I don't
want to rat on the girl outside of the
building
thing cuz her mom seems like a tight
ass I'll probably do a whole remake of
do it all differently by the
way did I sample Jane remover I don't
think I
did I don't remember
that but I have an idea to do that with
uh love and pony stuff because there's
this uh
this
like buildup sound in at the end of uh
one of the songs on
Frailty where it's like someone like
screaming or like a baby crying or
something it's like starting really
quiet and then growing louder I was
thinking of using that as a transition
sound in love and Pony
stop the woman before you scans the
store her shoulders rigid and tense
every now and then she nudges her
glasses F drinking is not a good stat to
level in this game I chose the smart
one it is
IRL then why are you talking to me
everything is on the shelves to brows
don't you feel compelled to buy anything
see those shelves there go be
drawn everything is on the shelves take
a look yourself the shelves compel you
don't they she smiles and nods seemingly
relieved what is her
problem a small mountain of colorful
board game boxes there are numerous
types of games for all ages a lot of
shelf space seems to be taken up by wal
related
merchandise an endless variety of source
books lore books and codices litter the
table the topmost book is titled welin
compendium second edition there's also a
large hardbound t with intricate cover
art the hunters of katak boreal Creature
Compendium and a picture paath Adventure
Game book titled Tales of Wal Cavern of
velag this game really makes me want to
start drunk driving as soon as possible
does anyone support this books in a
board game section who wants to read
books there's a box that says we're our
third edition Mega setting supplements
module the side panel notes a fantastic
Adventure board game new maps and
Miniatures a sticker on it displays 25 r
that price is steep but then it's the
third edition Mega setting supplement so
it makes
sense the display rack is briming with
worn paperbacks featuring an extremely
muscular sword wielding Barbarian on the
cover all the titles contain the word
here down somewhere
rows and rows of Hamin blur your vision
you make out some titles man from hamal
and the mammoth Riders man from heal
return to
heal and the solop cystic man from heal
and the heal man
the O the dust got in my throat um I do
not know how to pronounce Natalia's name
but I have listened to
uh I think her album from last year
which is one of my favorite albums ever
now with funny I don't know a lot about
her but like that album blew me away so
much I know she she is she's very
popular
um
but and I think she's done so with
Disney and other stuff like
that um I don't know too much about it
but I just know that that album is like
really [__] good
maybe a
100 man from hamal and the sages at the
end of the world man from hamal and the
false
god man from heal and the scorched Earth
man from heal the heal colonies man from
hondal the swamp Beast Man from hondal
and the snow crabs
Tiberius would love this game this
[__] Gunk pie is here Tiberius what
do you think of
that
exactly not even close man from heal in
hell man from hial and the forest of
slaves man from hial under the lake man
from hial hamal burning this even the
trial of death a pastal combat game book
set in the world of yondal man and so
much
more the sentence what did
she what did she just let us peep
now I let you peep the horror what do
you
think I can do it nothing of interest
God damn it silence and the cosmic
background pain
radiation oh man from hll a very popular
series of Adventure novels they're
awfully immoral and violent books blood
and violence scantily clad women epic
narratives all those mystical things he
encounters they're bound to grab those
with little imagination and nothing to
do damn
okay sounds good which one should I
start with what does it matter they're
all the
same however the customer is always
right they say if you're a novice of the
series I'd recommend hel Daman the man
from helal it's supposed to be a good
introduction to the
series Morton
candy oh I sir
lake trout me I'm a l what's behind the
curtain you see a set of tattered
curtains blocking the way to another
room a strange cage likee trinket
dangles from the curtains excuse me
officer the back room is strictly for
employees
only nothing now please go back to
browsing the books don't you feel
compelled to look at the books the books
are all you care
about I can't tell a violet or plac is
talking yes you
can she speaks almost as if she's trying
to put a Spell on You urging you to buy
more books oddly enough the more she
tries to draw you away from the curtains
the more alluring they
become you see see some kind of charm an
irregular polyhedron assembled from
bones sticks and straw inside a
disturbing fish head my cousin the eye
sockets stares at you my cousin is not a
disturbing fish head only now this is a
traditional seanese Ward meant to
provide protection against ill luck bad
dreams curses and other Supernatural
scourges inhabitants of Il phanton the
Islands down south aside from poking at
it suspiciously there is nothing else to
do with the fish head charm at this time
the curtains remain shut before
you just as you're about to pull apart
the curtains the Petrified voice of the
shop owner cries out once more sir don't
touch that I told you it's off limits
for the
customers
customers Paras psychologically speaking
we're Dum if decide to open them I won't
be held responsible for the consequences
it's too dangerous she looks away
mumbling why is everyone always messing
with the curtains why can't they just
buy books like normal
people no it's just a store room for the
employees I told you now please step
away from the
curtain you do my God even more reasons
not to mess with the curtains just step
away dear sir I'm messing with curtains
right now wow mess with those curtains
I'm trying it's
working
why her name is plac but it could be
Denise Denise
why it's not like anyone was killed
there I am sorry I don't mean to be so
impolite just please don't go there I
can't allow that you'll only make things
worse and unleash the
powers [__] excuse
me the curtains do seem frail suddenly
not robust enough to contain his
slippery Darkness
the
powers thank you let's just talk about
this first all right there's no reason
for you to venture into the unknown
talking is always good go see what she
has to say the curtains tattered with
age and covered in dust hang before you
as if taunting you I told her I'll think
about it I'll just rip them
apart I want to make sure I see other
things in here first before I start
messing around
these shelves are overburdened with
books from the same series you see the
name dick Mullen over and over well I
don't want to a couple of spook novels
hide amidst all the detective books
thrilling Tales of spycraft and Daring
Do Daring
Do wait what's all that then daring de
why is it spelled like
that cry fiction is a disgrace an
asinine
misrepresentation of the physical
attributes of the arduous everyday work
of actual police officers these books
greatly overstate the excitement of
police work glossing over how long it
takes to actually follow up on leads and
eliminate dead ends what's more they
completely ignore the psychological
hardships of year after year coming into
contact with people during the worst
days of their lives not a single mention
of all the stress this work creates upon
the officer's family detective fiction
just doesn't tell the truth at all now
would you like a list of all the books
found on the Shelf yep you see dick
Mullen on the job get me Mullen the stor
wart Adventures of Mullen dick Mullen
and the murder in the orchard the sorted
Affair of Dick
Mullen I'll show dick mull assorted our
Affair already a killing is declared
dick Mullen in the murder house the
final case of Dick Mullen an obvious lie
dick Mullen in the clock tower the
ordeals of Dick Mullen dauntless dick
dick mullen's funeral P the murder of
Dick
Mullen oh no turns out he fed to solve a
case are there more yes there's also the
Dame who did it Farewell My Mullen
faking death seems to be a common Trope
in the Mullen series The Morbid Tales of
Dick Mullen a dark tide turns the tides
have been turned tragedy calls for dick
Mullen another one with fake death and
of course dick Mullen the murderer in
order to catch a murderer dick Mullen
must become the murderer after all this
you still haven't found the answer to
the one question that matters who is
Dick Mull
your attempt to grasp our answer fails
it seems very close by pulsating just
Out Of Reach oh crime robberies murders
even sexual crimes we're fortunate to
have dick Mullen and his stories to sort
all that out you're a a police officer
apparently you should buy all of these
they really do teach a person how to be
a proper
detective okay r
the plaque on the Shelf reads
biographies of famous people you see a
large variety of names none of which
ring a bell browsing through all the
books with all their names makes your
head spin none of these seem important
or relevant it's all just vapid egoism
the phop pony autobo graphy suddenly a
particularly odd title catches your eye
it reads high-speed love the tragic true
love story of Jacob Irv and Alfie
deletraz by one Cecilia aook highspeed
love Chronicles the romance between two
of the five a tripop like hell yeah
let's go in history one of them is the
madap driver Jacob IR his blonde man
Graces the cover Jacob Collier's blonde
man Graces the cover next to Irv's life
story you see a slim biography of an
ocidental rock star called the anti-ar
he's famous for shooting morphine into
one of his eyeballs and cocaine into the
other
cocaine is extremely funny so you should
laugh as soon as
possible everyone you're doing a great
job listening to the instructions good
good give your a round of
applause the [__] evil
laugh tiberious what do you think of
this
exactly next to that River sholan radio
personality gam bevi stands in front of
a rundown drug bin he's a permanent
fixture on Channel 8 reporting on real
life crime and ruining cops days
I really must insist you buy one of the
books reading them is not for free do
still browse though but not too long I'm
sorry I did not mean to rush you you are
browsing go ahead take your time time is
Commerce I would
say the greatest innocence yes most
certainly it's an important educational
tool delving into the depths of History
religion and their relation to innocen
power
inoc
sentic a very influential historical
figure but surely I don't have to tell
you that you're a law officer and Law
Officers have at least some
education wow she doesn't
know she doesn't know the book is also
very daring the author aims to reexamine
the universal understandings of the
innoc sentic system creating a fresh
Vantage point and a shift in the tired
Order of
Things those who
[Music]
know perhaps for a Layman deep analysis
is necessary to peel back the
multi-layered meanings do her words seem
vague and Abstract to you certainly it's
prudent for a person to have at least an
elementary understanding of history and
Society imagine the chaos we'd be in
otherwise the game is making you feel
drunk so you can understand what the
main character is going
through you feel like you should get
this one definitely it's important
somehow there's something personal
inside is
there several maps have been attached to
a bulletin board hidden inside the AL
Cove they're held up by small pins the
board has come loose from one
corner the maps look old and Faded your
eye catches a map of in cylinder a map
of revera and a map of
martines this large map displays
archipelagos you see a constellation of
small dots on the light blue emptiness
of conell okay the largest in the
Northeast laou you are here another far
away in the southwest semones Islands IL
Phantom ozon laurentide F alamir
archipelagos North arcade islands all
just specks of dust on the vastness of
the iny lindic on the edges of the map
the color Fades into a blur of dotted
lines black and white disintegrating
into mathematics
in the Northeast a dust mite stands on a
North Coast of Caillou in a bookstore
it's
you
huh you can on Caillou riversa a single
black star on ozon fondel and vandu on
archipelagos croan Moran viler on semine
alivi and on laurentide Deora of the
Seven Seas 850 million people live on
these little dots an oceanic world of
culture and commerce torn apart by
history the ocean breaks apart into a
tangle of cosiness and azimos all
pointing into pale nothingness Wendi is
the north Azimuth grad is the Northeast
Azimuth Samara is the East Azimuth SE is
the West Azimuth is Solas they're called
connections to other worlds words past
the Insel Indian unknown to you you only
know you've never been there you have
little idea what they are distant Stars
Gods but looking at them makes you feel
almost
non-existent whatever they are the
isolas are immeasurably large compared
to you and very very far away perhaps
they are Gods gods of distance and out
to
dust the North Coast of a verdant island
is Shattered by the Delta of a river it
is the river esperons countless Bridges
put the shards back together connecting
city blocks to River Islands lad Delta
says a great artificial heart in the
center teaming with life forms and
construction to the east rolling
hillsides lardan Stella Mari the suburbs
of s batist swallowed up into the Mega
City they sound Rich to you this is
riversol East kudon it's somewhere to
live not bad then there's Jamrock it's
bad people shouldn't live there but they
do then
forberg it's almost as bad and much
larger then Cole City it's the worst
it's so small you can't even see it on
the map no wait there it is north of
Jamrock the strip of Coast next to the
greater rivershell industrial Harbor it
looks downright despondent it's almost
cold City to be
honest it's not really a map it's a
tourist thing a picture postcard with
buildings on it drawn from an isometric
perspective a date in the upper right
corner says 48 oh my God Saturn's
brother still it's detailed could be
pretty useful for scouting ah head you
see the jagged boxes of an industrial
Harbor even the whirling in rags there
I'm sorry officer the map of martines is
the only one available the other two are
not for sale anymore and besides you
could scarcely afford them they're quite
valuable though they might not look it
the map of martines is 90 cents
though that old thing it's an out ofate
map of a tourist location that never was
Nor came to be from when some Design
Studio people tried to Spruce the place
up four or 5 years ago they also
renovated the horse statue set up those
coin operated viewers and design the new
Street lamps the place does not look
like a successful tourist trap does it
they didn't get that far for some reason
a shame the project never got going
would be nice if someone fix martine's
up all these ruins are bad for business
do I try and steal
it what happens if I
fail it's just 90
cents I love
stealing you peek at the story waiting
for her to be distracted when she's not
looking you definitely rip the map off
the bulletin board and pocket it
you're now the proud owner of a map of
martines which to be honest did not even
cost that
much hey I have
$5
idiot this bookstore is not strictly
about crime romance and biographies of
famous people there's also a wide range
of paranatural literature
amidst the various books you find one
written by someone named maias W Dundas
it's about wholeness Unity
balance these three things are very
important to the workingclass
mind I didn't even know you could save
save scum in this game but I'm going to
pretend I didn't know that so I'll just
be like la la la la la I can't do
that the point of the book and many
others on this shelf is to give people
medicinal advice in situations where
they don't have access to paid Health
Services it serves platitudes while also
telling everyone that traditional
medicine the kind people don't have
access to and which costs more than this
book is garbage and would only give you
cancer anyway without even curing your
cold or
anything wholeness Unity balance on the
other hand can basically take care of
anything though it is important to note
when it's up to your mind to heal
yourself then it's because of your mind
that you're ill in the first place the
book features chapters on topics such as
how to find magnesium it even lists
plants you can Harvest magnesium from
how to continue drinking if you're an
alcoholic who has destroyed his liver
and there's even a chapter on the
ancient sares tradition of using duck
gold bladder preservatives to treat
treat and prevent sexually transmitted
diseases pre and post factum apply
nothing worth buying Hess Unity balance
otherwise known as
wub P sir please no browsing in that
shelf that wisdom is not for free I
can't have you end up like opening a
police store next door and stealing my
customers oh no what
okay hello again esteemed officer and
welcome to Crime romance and biographies
of famous people I already told you it's
just a storage room for employees I
don't understand why it's so important
to you just let it go officer go buy
some godamn books you're supposed to be
drawn to the books she recites it like
it's a poem or like she's playing a role
she's grown tired of she's so tense it's
a miracle she hasn't snapped in half
yet it's just for
decoration okay fine it's just because
this place is cursed just like everyone
said they don't call it the the doomed
commercial area for nothing okay are you
happy now officer happy that you've
ruined
everything host of hosts she prays guard
me and my honest business venture from
the curse that lurks behind the
curtains the curse is so much worse than
you could imagine it's a disease eating
at the very
Foundation okay it's the curse of
financial distress of Ruin and
bankruptcy everyone knows that all the
previous companies in this building have
sooner or later declared bankruptcy and
they malicious are still here feeding
off bad business practices and
disappointing income
statements there's something wrong with
this building I can tell you ever since
I arrived I've sensed an eerie Ling ing
presence as if I was unwanted
here yeah yeah I've met
Kuno sure have it's not cashmir it's
Bank corrupt
guys it's not good to talk about the
curse not in detail the negativism it's
dangerous talking about the void wraiths
angers them the void race I thought it
was bankruptcy I mean is it bankrupt is
what I thought it was [__] [__] right
21 wow void Raves you have new words you
have new
words yes I've contacted numerous
parapsychologists and even a pair of
simones mediators they provided me with
the
wards the wards help to keep the Doom at
Bay and protect us against the darkness
that lies further in the building even
even though now I fear it's not
enough oh this no it's a special himan
amulet blessed by desert pygmy shamans
with a spell of compulsion it's to
compel people to buy books none of those
are real words there are numerous spells
cast throughout the store I had the
books Anointed with a different
inducement spell for example it's
guaranteed to boost sales
15%
right is it or is it b b
bankr or is it
bankr or is it b or is it
bankrupts right or is it
bankrupts
right
right I'm coming the time of my life is
it bankrupt
or something
right no stop crying you're not even
crying enough of this or is it
bankrupts desert pigney shamans that
sounds like a rather questionable way to
describe a group of people yeah I was
going to say that just feels racist I
don't know what's going
on most certainly not I don't want
anyone who's not familiar with the
psychic Arts to get involved D in this
mess stay away leave the spirits be so
they can return to their Slumber my lead
you know what this case calls for a par
detective a par
detective time to fire up the old lie
machine yes you do the woman before for
you scans the store her shoulders rigid
and
tense how did I fail
that the curtains tattered with age and
covered in dust hang before you as if
taunting
you I don't you see a dimly lit room
full of Dusty furniture and trash a
doorway stands in the back covered in
dozens of scary little semones Wards
Your Shadow looming over it like an omen
I warned you you're unleashing forces
beyond your
understanding I care so
much she is not trying to stop
here a heavy door with a missing handle
stands before you covered in dozens if
not hundreds of semones Trinkets and
charms it appears to be locked
only Echo no one is there they hollowed
out dark Echo only
e open up there a
big he hollow out dark
Echo oh my
God heal yourself now
ow ow shoot whose moronic idea was it to
just run through the door don't you know
that things like
that you feel something in your chest an
unnatural pressure it's spreading to
your left arm your jaw what did I
do no it's many years of combined self-
neglect and self
abuse all you feel his pain and weakness
you have to surrender now we all do it
gets so dark you don't even see her face
like you always thought you would you
only see pain and fear cop suffers final
heart attack a detective Lieutenant of
the RCM passed away yesterday his death
though abrupt did not come as a surprise
to those who knew him he was the
heaviest Drinker I'd ever met Captain p
follow me price the thece superior
officer commented that ain't easy on the
ticker he loved his liquor sure said
detective Chester mlan friend and
colleague but I think before he ever had
a heart attack his heart was broken
according to official statement given by
the RCM the officer was on the brink of
solving a murder
case damn it
the curtains the curtains just
closed the curtains just
closed hello again esteemed officer and
welcome to Crime romance and biographies
of famous people I already told you just
she recites it she's so tense it's a
miracle she a spell okay are you host of
host she prays the curse it's the it's
not just that officer we're dealing with
something there's something wrong with
this building it's not not good to wow
void yes the wards help to keep the Doom
at oh this there are numerous spells
desert pygmy shamans most certainly My
Le you know what this case Slither up to
her you silver tonged fiend show her
what worldclass pery looks
like are you sure don't think I haven't
seen charlatans
before I have returned from the void you
know parad detective you look nothing
like one and you're clearly a drinker
pardon me for being so blunt but you
look like one the lieutenant keeps his
usual Stony calm he silently picks out
his
notebook how do you know all this here
we
go your part simones oh it means our
meeting couldn't have been mere chance
the hand of Fate guides us but I am not
the only one at risk I have to think of
my
daughter you are certain you can help us
keep us safe I can't allow any
collateral damage to hit
us ask him oh
uh certainly so man I can assure you my
partner is eminent in this particular
field if you promise good officer then
you might be our last hope do you swear
it thank you sir there's one more thing
I haven't told you about yet The Entity
The Entity the power I know do not act
surprised you know of these things
s you have the entity takes the form of
a woman a witch probably I've suspected
that she must be connected to the curse
ever since I first saw her did you know
that she lives inside the
chimney no this chimney is part of the
building's Central furnace and it's
enormous she has barricaded herself
behind some metal security curtains God
knows what she's doing there some
unnatural magic I assume you should go
find the entity and ask what happened to
all the companies in the building what
is the source of this curse here's the
key to the warded door behind the
curtains take it the keys to the door
that killed us oh and please do return
to me after you've looked around I'm
quite anxious to know what she has to
say about the curse what you discover in
there what you discover probably just
some office space don't be
scared sorry do I still have the uh
God damnn I don't have the map do
I no I
don't I don't need to reread all these
things again do
I it doesn't matter too much right maybe
just the map one
several Maps the maps look old and this
large map ozon disintegrating into in
the Northeast a dust might you can 800
the ocean connection you have L perhaps
they are Gods the North to the east Huda
it's so small you can't even it's not
really still it's detailed I'm sorry of
they're quite valuable though they might
not look it the map of Martinez isn't
that old thing from when the place does
not look they didn't get that far for
some reason you Peak at the step you're
now the got it
back you see
a you see a
di I'm the professional video
game a heavy door with a missing handle
stands before you covered in dozens any
of semones Trinkets and charm after
exerting some Force you managed to turn
the key it's eily silent the door slides
slightly open letting a draft of cold
air into the
room sand is dripping
punch shot put ball I'm glad I can carry
that
cus
fores he wants to talk does
he what is this
place yes but no one's been here in
ages I doubt the electricity still works
good thing we have a flashlight on
us are you telling me they had dialogue
for whether or not I had the flashlight
equipped some specks of dust Shimmer in
a faint beam of daylight falling from
the window other than that the room is
dark an Airy feeling rises in your
chest sounds
good can I take those to my bag a
barbell lies on the floor the color has
worn off its white
plates it's 60 kg your triceps H at the
sight of these weights show the world
what kind of Beast it's dealing with
lift them there are no collars on the
barbell this is a safety hazard
okay a large John what does that
mean okay why is this actually
weird stop why is have shadows stop it
just stop it give me the
money what is that sound
give me the money
huh what does that
mean oh information like to be read
using a radio computer
what was the interact
button what's the interact button in
inventory
what does that
mean oh action
inter next to the name of the
item the war features the patchwork grid
of the streets of martinz that was not
intuitive with directions to
appropriately touristy locations year 48
resides on the upper right
corner now right fig
that looks like someone try to
reconceptualize their business
here look the skis and rotor blades both
bear the same slipstream logo it seems
likely that they started out making one
failed to turn a profit and then pivoted
to produce him the
other that's a good
question reality is
ruthless I'm sure I could have figured
out something
more I guess
that's another
hallway we came from this way that's
blocked goofy ass wizard what is she
doing
here your flashlight slides over an old
green chalkboard covered in scribbles
sketches and schemes like some ancient
cave mural some of the writing has faded
with age but you can still make out
sections here and there photos and
drawings have been pinned to the board
all right balloon champion of the
universe it's time for you to make your
work these live pointy a creatures
appear to be different types of welkins
you make out automo candle welkins
casting wax based magic translucent
welkins with organs shining under their
skin and even ether Wilkins hailing from
the vast emptiness of side re space you
should adopt one of those Wilkins as
your persona no longer a mere man but a
welin one of the welkins Towering among
the rest appears to be different
however I don't care it's VAR hamira a
high welin his face white and scarred
like cracked marble this is clearly a
welkin
supremacist the note says all
non-walking Races will be purged we
found Elon Musk guys the hdor the th the
humans and even headless men all of them
purged imagine a world filled only with
welin green welin dread welin and the
high welin to rule them all an
inordinate amount of time has gone into
drawing these little weling creatures
this looks like concept art for a
project it's not really real some people
really like building a world I think
even if it's just for game mhm political
commentary that one has a great beard
too just look at those details so much
effort the photo collage depicts Barren
icy Landscapes wrapped in Perpetual
night you see permafrost and glacial
land forms dead trees groan in under the
snow entire oceans have been frozen from
Shore to Shore there are pictures of
settlements on dried up riverbeds
abandoned in a storm animal corpses in
the dark carcasses and Bones you see
primitive oil rigs built into glaciers
Boreal D yurs under the snow great
Mammoth likee beasts of Burden albe it
dark and cold this Vision also feels
cozy in its own way like eggnog or
morphine a much needed Rite from our own
world a pinned postcard reads the heat
death scenario A desperate fight for
geothermal energy engulfs the world as
WHL becomes untethered from its Sun
drifting through the universe this
really is just somebody's like campaign
this is a monthly calendar from the year
cryptic words like Sprint daily minime
and GPI span the mar drawn grid the
grand scheme of production and
money it looks a bit like an academic
calendar only much more
brutal minimi stands for a mini meeting
it's part of a bigger framework for
managing work called R Station 41 tried
to implement it a few years ago but
failed
as time goes on the numbers in the boxes
grow rarer and rarer the board becomes
an empty snowfield in the final days
only failure and regret dwell in this
region looks like they didn't make
it a note in the bottom left corner of
the chalkboard says see the prod
schedule filament for details the
handwriting is only partly legible but
you can still make out three slogans
call in tune out WHL untethered and heat
death of the
universe August 12th
2036 exactly what I was thinking the
full text reads heat death of the
universe is the New Black another note
says the biggest advancement in role
playing systems since the
30s yes bro rooll that
play this appears to be some kind of
machine with a cube-shaped heart and a
wired framework the keyboard has a
rectangular onoff button a piece of
paper still hangs from the printer the
radio
computer just sitting here without
anyone
inside what he means is that these
things cost money why would anyone just
leave it behind this is the re Civic
radio computer model RC
5120 equipped with a failed
M comp
printer we have one of these down at the
station but I never really learned how
to use it the machine lights up like
some prehistoric animal stirring from
its Slumber revealing florescent play
and print keys on the keyboard the hatch
on the machine's Central compartment is
wide
open it's empty like a beehive without
its brood some cables have been left at
dangling disconnected the filament you
have would fit perfectly inside the
compartment like a smooth drawer the
filament slides into place on the
keyboard the play key starts
blinking a bar of fabric right above the
keyboard starts producing a soft hum the
sound of static seeps through the
machine's planer magnetic driver the
static gets louder slowly filling up the
abandoned Hall until a voice speaks out
crackling and old cutting into the air
good
afternoon this is East
inan station uh please repeate is this
the production
schedule huh we're speaking to someone
the filament you have inserted into the
reader yes is that the production
schedule good please repeat the password
password of course it would have a
password that's why there's a human
administrator
involved I am contractually obliged to
protect the privacy of the filament
holder for Tress accident without filing
a warrant with linkel I cannot give you
access to this filament I'm afraid we
are not doing that unless we want to
wait for a month now can you please
repeat the
password received I will register this
log attempt don't worry passwords have a
way of turning up sooner or later for
ACD is there anything else I can do for
you today for ACD is the company on
Whose name the terminal you are
currently using has been registered to
one one
moments
AC produces revolutionary interactive
calling radio games so that's what the
catalog says it's like over the phone
role playing D and Sh that's not
bad any other
questions yes I am alive I am 74 years
old and my name is Ion she repeats
passwords programming people are all
paranoid I work as a repeater at the
East in celan reper station it's my job
to know where you you have
ofci as for me well I am sitting in my
cubicle surrounded by a world of radios
now please tell me if there's anything
else I can do for TR AC good please
repeat the
password no a hint system is not part of
the protocol for repeater
stations still no perceived don't worry
for thank you and goodbye tiles on the
cube are still smoldering casting the
framework in a soft glow florescent play
imprint Keys shine on the keyboard
nothing
happens okay still got to look for more
things I'm going to take it out of there
just in case maybees on the KE the
filament slides out of its glowing n
this old fireplace is covered in lines
drawn in blue and red marker the mesh
spreading over the stone like blood
vessels on Alabaster skin it looks
Ghostly and strangely ancient the whole
thing resembles kadran Mosaic tiles very
pantic history classes students with
their textbooks open studying the roots
of our civilization those AC orl blue
tiles looked beautiful in the
sun oh it's a literal fireplace it just
looks weird I was like really confused
for a second radio frequencies it seems
ukv
23.6 ukv
23.7 ukv
1239 some written notes too sparse and
cryptic unclear it looks like a
cardiovascular system split into veins
and capillaries very
Advanced you think so the web is
comprised of radio stations all lead
back to one red heart titled the game
master frequency a note says this one
can listen in on any station it wants
they must have had massive awith these
things don't come
cheap someone very important a conductor
for the the hundreds of story threads
that pass through the game Master's
frequency whoever decides to call in to
a call-in station it looks like a list
of names under the stations suggests
people across six isolas would be
playing muindi inela kotla grad Samara
and even IL Mara there's no way a little
basement Studio working here could pull
anything like this off
my God it's as if the less money they
had the more ambitious their project
became exactly this schedule I no Doom
when I see it the company was running
out of funding nothing it's just lines
on marble an echo from times long gone
no one has used the fireplace in ages
Lonesome long way
home here we go home awaits walk past
Station 41 and through the market past
the Boogie Street Spare head to the
other side of the lake the Frozen eye at
the center of the district then pass the
video rental store on the corner there
at the end of a street lined with pine
Tre trees a small house no larger than a
matchbox 11 Voyager Road you no longer
live there those times are gone and so
are those people why did you come here
why are you still here and where's the
dealer you have to get back to work
that's all you have now can we go
there there's nothing else I could think
about right
now but I want to think about homosexual
underground are you kidding I have
to okay skill points um I leveled up
empathy once I I haven't had to use all
of these
yeah um
I don't really know what will be helpful
to to put points into just yet
conceptualization I'm PR High On
That relatively
anyway just I
think I really want to be focusing on
these I think right because this is my
lowest
category
perhaps are the Dots here how many
points I can put into something
total
okay I might as well finish
any okay
okay I'll come back to
that okay what do you think is going on
with that computer truck board and
fireplace
no that's not it I
think like he's ready to lay out a fine
Theory crafted together like a puzzle
box it looks like one of those popular
pen and paper role playing games only
these people were trying to automate did
make it work on radio
computers through calling stations none
of the players have to be physically
present anyone in the world can
participate in the game I was curious if
I radio manifest a conclusion like it
was an intelligence program but then
there's the game master frequency that
listens in on the smaller coin stations
I think that was supposed to coordinate
the stories functioning as a master of
Ceremonies of sorts coordinating so many
games would take a whole switchboard of
people possibly dividing it to
subfrequencies not to my knowledge they
make automated games in G missina kin
you know places with industry not in
revera West among the ruins but I don't
think anyone has attempted to create an
inter isol game before we just don't
have the
technology indeed those welkins are dead
giveaway role playing people love that
stuff the world looks like a modified
version of the we World board game with
hi death thr
him super cool someone should give them
millions of real immediately this game
is too good to be left unfinished no
idea they stopped filling out the
schedule on the chalkboard indeed it's
ambitious and untethered from reality
but
let's finish it could we finish
it what would the point of this be
aren't we trying to investigate the
murder it's too late for that I'm
afraid okay let's keep moving
yes there's so much stuff down
here an iron safety curtain curves
before your eyes folded like a Bellows
it covers half the room blocking the way
into a colossal industrial chimney this
must be where the entity lives what an
odd thing to do
nothing happens still nothing no one's
home not
again
well you feel something in your chest an
unnatural pressure it's spread into your
yeah scream all you cops suffers yeah
okay how do I heal
back on
[Music]
this I have to click the red
plus oh
okay I'll just Spam through all this
again best I
can what's the difference between morale
and health
[Music]
oh I
see yes
maybe I really do have the save
SC your flashlight some of the writing
has faded with age these light trans you
should adopt one of the welkins Towering
among the rest it's an inordinate amount
of time at some people this looks like
concept art for mhm politic just look at
those the photo entire you see allbe it
a pinned postcard read this minimi
stands as time looks like they a note in
the handr the full
[Music]
text thiss radio what he this is the re
Civic we have one of these the machine
lights up likes it's the filament like a
smooth drawer a bar of the static good
afternoon please repeat is this the
production schedule the filament you
have inserted yes is that good password
of course it would have a password
that's why there's a I am I'm afraid we
now can you please no a
hint don't accid
good don't
worry that's not bad
any other questions she repeats
passwords programming people are all
paranoid I will now thank you tiles on
the cube are still the filament
slight this old the whole thing
resembles history classes radio unclear
it looks like you think so they must
have had massive someone very a
conductor for whoever deci a list of
there's no night God it's as if the
exactly
nothing
nothing okay we're back to where we were
so there's no way to find quick
save so just I just had to do that
okay I guess I will save SC this video
game
an iron safety curtain curves before
your eyes this must be where what an odd
thing
still those curtains prove to be
surprisingly sturdy if this is really an
entrance to the chimney can you please
try to refrain from attacking random
things why do you see there something on
the other side necessarily in any case
there's no way we can get
it Lonesome long way
home as before an iron
safety okay
you see a terrifying ice bear with a
strange compartment in it belly the door
is covered in Frost and the beer's eyes
eyes are glowing the beer looks oddly
realistic is it
Taxidermy the lieutenant doesn't answer
his eyes are glued to the animal a sharp
slice of light shines out from a gust of
freezing cold air rushes to greet you
you hear a low Grumble as the bear
regulates itself the lieutenant takes a
peak inside his hand has found the
holster of his gun the shelves are empty
all you see are crumpled ice cream
wrappers with the brand name riversol
ice City a handwritten note has been
attached to the door do the fridge is
huge when Kim wants to talk because if
you're suggesting I was supposed to talk
to him I I didn't see a notification for
it but question
mark you pocket the note and the little
you've acquired an interactable item
investigate this item further by going
to the interact tab in your inventory
a friendly cartoon bear smiles back at
you from a glossy cellophane rapper it
looks the paper still smells of vanilla
and chocolate good question it looks
like an ice cream
fridge I know what an unfortunate
marketing Choice what is even worse the
bear is still costing them money to this
day the fridge buzzes with energy the
electricity bill on this thing must be
catastrophic I see I see it now I was
straight up not seeing that
before Lonesome long way
home thank
you okay what do you think is going on
with that computer truck board and
fireplace yes that is the like he's
ready to lay it looks like one of those
popular true Callin stand there's the
coordinating not too much not but I
don't think anyone indeed super cool no
idea this indeed it's ambitious and Ed
from reality
but yes especially in here
okay okay I I have I have F5 ready to go
a thick layer of cold dust covers the
furnace coloring it pitch black looks
like it looks like an old Central
furnace used to hid building it's
connected to the chimney no one has used
it in ages no signs of any recent fire
only dead rats it's dark and grimy here
in the darkness you can hear chatter
it's coming from above a voice or
several voices talking to each other
near the smoke chamber upstairs the echo
is so prominent it's impossible to
discern what the voices are saying or
what's producing them what are you
doing wait really should investigate see
if someone's
upstairs should I yell up to them
you're right the rooms do look like
they're connected but malignant entities
don't exist at least not the
supernatural kind always has to be the
skeptic this man a lush layer of coal
now covers your skin maybe you could
paint something with this coal leave a
cave painting for future archaeologists
no that would be stupid
upstairs an ice cream maker
a few bricks have fallen off revealing a
compartment behind the wall it's too
dark to see in seems like an old bunker
from the Revolutionary period look at
all those
rifles must be an old weapons cache
there is yes and there also appears to
be something inside the hole interesting
do you want to take a look your hand
reaches deep into darkness and
spiderwebs rumaging around you find
Rusty rifles hidden away are these any
good most of them are Rusty and
inoperable like the rest but one catches
your eye a bolt action model with a fine
Woodstock in better cosmetic order than
the others that's a rare sight seems to
no longer be functional but still
beautiful thing in its own
way it means there are firearms all bait
inoperable still lying around in
Martinez it's an interesting coincidence
I would say might come in useful in the
future he likes this find
I'm carrying so many
things the note is written with a blue
pencil on a piece of lined office paper
the kitchen magnets have left spots on
its surface does it say anything
interesting this is tangental at best
but the Lieutenant's detective instinct
is still active someone has scribbled S
I can't believe the off-site copy is
still here the illiterate ginger kid
keeps stealing stuff from the studio so
I had to hide it somewhere safe you'll
find the filament memory with the
off-site copy in the frozen ice cream
maker please take it home ASAP it's
important I'd do it myself if I lived in
a civilized place with a freezer take
care
silly
polish bad
bu
go bu
go looks like someone from that radio
game company upstairs I'm a little
surprised they just left their property
laying
here that's a pleas
hypothesis it belongs inside a radio
computer storing its memory it's like a
tape you listen to disco tapes right
it's like one of your disco tapes only
for a computer it's like the production
schedule you found only this one's an
offsite copy really you don't have a
single
guess oh I'm sure that child would love
to get his hands on the filament memory
even if he doesn't know what to do with
it it's probably try to pawn it for
Speed based on our
encounter I don't know I assume it's
somewhere close to the ice bear
fridge this orange machine is buzzing
like an old submarine it has a hand
cranked ice cream churner on top and an
electric freezer that appears to be
frozen shut turning the crank feels
oddly satisfying like stirring your
childhood dreams in the distance you
hear water
dripping I cannot do that
[Music]
two cables are plugged into the breaker
box the red one leads to the ice bear
fridge and the black one to the ice
cream maker nearby something close to
you dies with a soft electric Pur why
did you do
that the lieutenant raises his brows but
doesn't say anything the electric
distribution board now has one cable
missing I open it
now this orange machine
is only the red somewhere a machine hums
along
insane mesh tank to
oh that goes
[Music]
here save reminder
maybe time to try that call
box an old C East Delta Commerce Center
this must be the name of the doomed
commercial
area all you hear is static but no one
answers the
call you ring the doorbell but nothing
happens you ring the doorbell what an
ominous name for a hair salon doesn't
bode well for anyone's here an off key
Melody starts playing after you ring the
doorbell then a woman picks up the
receiver who know please stop calling
here grown-ups don't have time for your
stupid game oh she thinks you're the
Grim child what would he say to
this oh I'm sorry officer I thought you
were but the doorbell is broken and the
bookstore shouldn't even be on the list
anymore so I can't help you please don't
call here again thanks a single beep
indicates that the line has gone dead
you hear the same waiting room music but
you wait for a minute or two but all you
get from the call box is Sil looks like
someone has melted half the plastic off
with a lighter the doorbell doesn't work
anymore you hear static from the
intercon speaker it sounds as if someone
has picked up the receiver but isn't
saying anything you can almost hear them
breathe yes hello this is tricentennial
electric
what have you come to place in order she
sounds almost antique as if her voice
was being played off an old wax cylinder
a receiver must not be working properly
wait but what happened to slipstream SCA
there's no tricentennial electrics on
the
list my
God the lieutenant exchanges a look with
you it's you my God I didn't think I
would hear your voice she must be
mistaking you for someone else who cares
that you don't remember her just go
along with
it Michelle just
please why did you even call I don't
understand you've been gone for
months I thought you didn't care
ever since I came to here it's been
different as if my mind's been wi clean
the spot of static overrides her words
when she speaks again it sounds like
she's
submerged it's so
nice it's so nice to be able to finally
again she sounds like she's about to cry
she doesn't
answer silence the only thing you can
hear now is static and waves washing
ashore on the
bay another seagull passes by it's
getting cold standing here staring at
the silent call box I don't know what
happened either we should probably stop
playing with this
thing you press the number sign on the
keypad that terminates the call 12 name
cards on the call box read
an old East Delta Commerce Center this
must be the no hold on the last thing
you need in your life is more hysteric
emotions forget it find something else
to
do an old called East Delta Commerce
Center no hold
on an old East Delta Commerce Center no
hold on the last thing you need
in I'm so
curious an old East Delta Commerce
Center no
no everyone told me
to an old East Delta Commerce Center no
everyone's like saying it's save
swag an old East Delta Commerce Center
no I haven't been do here but this what
I'm so curious about an old East Delta
Commerce Center not it's probably just
like just a red
herring an old East Delta Commerce
Center no this is like not going to be
worth
it an old East Delta Commerce Center
whatever she says it can't hurt you
you're a different person now stronger
healthier all right maybe not healthier
but it's a bonus that you've drunk so
hard you can't remember any of your past
relationships oblivion's the Ace in your
corner there's a light Buzz as you press
the doorbell waiting for her to answer
the call it's cold outside and you can
hear the wind blowing into the speaker
there's the static again Whispering like
a seashell pressed against the
air yes hello this is tricentennial
electric have you come to place an order
here come the bad vibes again relax
distance yourself from
it it's
you my God I didn't think I would hear
your voice again wait is
she
Michelle
please why did you even call I don't
understand you've been gone for
month I thought you didn't care is this
some kind of
joke The Voice from the intercom doesn't
answer but you can hear her breathing
Wind Blows into your microphone
again ever since I came to work here
it's
been as if my mind's been wiped
clean it's so
nice it's so nice to be able to finally
forget about you and then it hits you
she tries again not to cry and still
doesn't succeed completely her quiet
sobs sound old and distant as if her
voice is being played off a wax cylinder
her sound melts into the static from a
long distance phone call from time to
time you can hear people talking in the
distance but but can't make out any
words this is where you hung up the call
the last time but the recording is still
going the phone rings in the office with
an oldfashioned chime and someone walks
by in a pair of heels the static is like
a warm blanket wrapped around the sounds
No One replies but the static grows
stronger like rainfall then a female
voice speaks out completely different
from the one before glorious and total
somehow crawling inside your head her
words are too cold to comprehend she
smells of sodium lights and Rain streaks
on car windows eyes like pilot lights
watch your shape in dark alwayss
guttering
so it was a recording trapped in the
circuitry from some ancient tenant this
sometimes happens shall we conclude here
we have other Mysteries to solve
don't take this the wrong way but during
our short stins working together
something weird is almost always
happening to you that is true wow okay
silence no one's home at Fortress
accident silence no one answers the
doorbell nothing happens after you ring
the doorbell they don't want to talk to
you silence no one answers your call
this button looks new but someone has
removed the name card nothing happens
when you try to ring it huh this button
looks new it's probably not connected
yet
okay second plug that
French two cables are plugged into the
breaker box an electric something close
to you why did you do
that the lieutenant raises his brows but
the Bear's eyes are dead and empty ice
inside the fridge slowly melting the
power a friendly cartoon bear smiles
back at you the paper still smells
of right
away what is what does this have to do
both cables are unplugged from the
breaker
box does this have something to do with
wait because I know
there's does it have anything to do with
the call
box an old East Delta Commerce Center
silence silence looks like someone you
wait for a minute or two you ring all
you hear you ring the doorbell but what
an ominous name for a here Salon doesn't
bode well for anyone's
here I'm just so curious what the role
of this breaker box is for
so how do I get
upstairs an iron safe this must be where
the this is directly about what an odd
thing to do still
you're alive and well don't keep me
waiting now what's in there in that dark
sarcophagus yes yes how was it tell her
how Gastly it was you know it's what she
wants to
hear I knew it oh such Horrors that have
been thrust upon us
okay but what else did you find did
anything survive no of course not have
you located The Entity you don't have
anything of substance to tell her until
you found that entity of
hers how do we get upstairs
[Music]
this trash container is locked the
sliding lid has a padlock that says
whirling in
rags just a trash container your fingers
start to itch just looking at that
padlock we could try using a pry bar the
one you took from my motor carriage or
or we could ask for a key from the
manager of the worlding in rxs he might
also have information this is better
than the prybar
idea I was worried about giving the
position wait what the [__] is
this there are several footprints in the
mud left by work boots anywhere from 6
to 12 heavy workers boots would
reinforced toes and hob Nails all over
the the art isn't this something an
industrial worker would wear not
it maybe more than 12 no eight pairs of
boots have shuffled back and forth in
the mud one standard work boot steel
reinforced toes number 46 two standard
work boot steel reinforced toes number
44 three hob nailed work boot steel
reinforced toes
number
43 four standard work boot number 45 or
46 you don't know it's a miracle you can
tell the prince apart as it is five
another standard work boot steel
reinforced toes number 44 six an
aberration light as air even Pace same
make of boot but number 41 impossible to
tell well could also have been an
adolescent the gate is undeveloped seven
the glowing outline of a standard work
boot number 46 but the imprints are
twice as deep as the others the weight
exceeds 200
kg8 and yet another standard work boot
number 44 there's an aberration in the
pattern of the Soul however the right
soul is smoother more worn home
I was pretty off then I counted
20 I never got the hang of it hyperopia
do you see anything out of the
ordinary interesting let's name it the
old soul someone operating a workbench
with a pedal like a joiner at the
or maybe a
drummer no it's not forget I said it we
are not looking for a drummer perhaps it
could be a driver a driver would wear
out the right shoe before the left the
accelerator is on the
right we should keep our eyes open
around the traffic jam see whether
anyone strikes out as a potential
suspect seems prudent no
mhm a woman or a
kid understood anything else 200 could
it be the combined weight of two people
one carrying the other host tied up
let's say a heavily built worker
carrying a similarly built soon to be
dead man he might be right 200 kg of
living weight is
unlikely I do one of them carried him
over but why
yes they could have used the makeshift
stretcher or just March him up to The
Gallows you have a point there anyway
it's something to consider what else can
you see a week maybe 7even days would
feed the time frame provided to us by
the caller who reported the hanging it
is not impossible I pulled last week's
forecast for Coastal Ral 7 days below
freezing the day before the day of his
hanging was the last warm day correct
again Sub-Zero temperatures would
preserve the tracks in a good State the
commotion here could have taken place a
week ago what do I think a mob of people
brought something heavy to the tree one
of them was carrying the victim they
shuffled around especially under the
tree then after hoisting him up they
stood in a semicircle facing his
Direction at first glance this appears
to be a lynching indeed they all stood
in a row here and looked at the tree yes
everything fits so well carried him over
hoisted him up watched him hang this is
easy the Lieutenant's eyes narrow he's
thinking to himself either way what else
an inconspicuous
part still can't quite get in there
yeah this tree is
misbehaving okay I'll try the thing
a thick layer of cold dust covers the
furnace a hollow ring Echoes through the
furnace your toe hurt why why does this
never
work a thick layer of cold dust covers
the furnace something breaks loose in
you a mighty Bellow Echoes throughout
the chimney's depths
the chatter of tiny voices above
suddenly cease then
[Music]
hello hello did you say anything I can't
hear you please come upstairs there's a
safety G on the second floor I'll open
it you hear a low Rumble upstairs the
sound of a curtain being pulled aside
after you
offer I should have kicked him again
hello hello I'm Nia
a birdlike
woman did you try knocking on my window
I must have missed you I've been
listening to my melas so what kind of D
are you looking for she's got a direct
view to the backyard you should
interrogate her about the
lynchin yes Amilia is like a calling
station you need a two-way radio to
access one that's why I have
these mostly they just teach you to
swear in different languages but some of
the stations can be quite
interesting I was so absorbed I must
have missed you knocking then how did
you get inside by the south
entrance you know what it doesn't even
matter what mates did you finally hear
let's talk di did you have something
specific in mind
I'm a novelty dice maker tell me the
name of your role playing system and now
make the die you need that's why you're
here yes role playing games you know the
one made by Fortress accident does that
count very good my rate is 10 red help
said unless you want something really
unusual take a look around and see if
there is any particular Stone you want
to use it almost looks as if the stones
and dice are a natural part of the room
growing out of the shelves like stallet
Knights no falsehoods are present she's
a novelty dice maker and doesn't have
anything to hide ask what you
need nothing really I didn't know him
the lieutenant looks at his notebook
then the woman under the large window
your window looks directly onto the
courtyard you're saying you didn't see
or hear anything unusual last Sunday
evening I'm sorry detective but as you
know I usually have my headphones on
when I'm working it shuts out most of
the Daily records behind my window
it's an odd profession making DY for
people but I like it and I prefer doing
this to sitting at
home I might have but in this case all I
would have seen is my own reflection
staring back from the darkness it's
light here but dark in the yard at night
it's really hard to make anything out in
the yard when it's dark outside besides
I rarely get up to look out the window
when I'm in the
zone well there's always something going
on in the whirlings
backyard during daytime they're usually
those kids and lately I've been seeing a
lot of drunk workers hanging about must
be because of the strike she's heard of
the murder but did not see it s but I
never saw anyone during that fateful
Sunday night I'm
afraid she Nots anything else
officer we're inside the chimney of an
old Central furnace it's strange I
know but when I arrived here all the
other rooms were taken so I had to build
myself a makeshift home besides I don't
really have to pay any rent here so
that's a plus
creative when she arrived here there was
no room anywhere else she must have
known that other
businesses more or less are you
interested in anyone specific oh quite a
lot of them spring to
mind they used to be a fashion atellier
here but I have forgotten the head
designer's name they were doing well for
a couple of years until the insect
rights activist game insect rights
activists I mean I get it but what's to
do with the
mhm the ATA produced a certain
collection that used kitan among the
materials oh I apparently kiten is made
in the oent where it's extracted from
beta wings and you know how all kinds of
political movements are big in the
ocient the activist shut down the
biggest kiteen supplier which of course
caused the price to Skyrocket and
naturally all the most fashionable taste
makers refused to be seen in kitan from
then on the at went bankrupt before they
could finish the
collection I like insects H really
anyway oh boy the fabled r show ICT
you're in for a treat here the place was
owned by two guys who had some rather
innovative ideas about marketing the
bear was one of them now ask me about
their other ideas indeed what were the
other ideas there was really just one
and it involved picking out the pretest
girls in the neighborhood and paying
them 20 cents per hour to man the booth
and by man the booth I mean slump behind
the counter with a face that could M you
if you ever dare to disturb their bored
m magazine
browsing FR does the same
thing employing so teenage girls is a
widespread practice yes unfortunately
they always come in packs I'm talking
about acne ridden girlfriends and
gorilla like boyfriends Ling near the
shop at least that's what happened with
ravish show I and they already had the
bear
the bear the
bear the bear of course not the bear was
terrifying no one wants ice cream
guarded by a hostile apex predator to
make matters worse the fridge didn't
work too well either and half the Ice
Cream came out mouth formed and
partially melted eventually ravish show
ice City lost the price War to its rival
glass 5000 glass 5000 saw caramel Sun
days for only 5 cents a piece out of
regular
fridges I'm sure the bear was doing its
vast I killed the bear you did
what ah of course they left it plugged
in even in death the bear is costing
them
money the taxidis who made it said it
was his vision Beast he said he met his
vision Vision Beast while high on desant
he called it
megarian sounds
cool it's an imaginary Beast that guides
you through life by telling you to do
more drugs
mostly very good you shouldn't do them
you're a police officer after
all she doesn't know anyway now you know
the story of the Fallen ice cream
Empire little sparkling Embers yeah I
was thinking Mega theion
actually anything else another failed
business perhaps I've been here for a
long time it wasn't merely a gym it was
at the MPS Boxing Club a community
project created to steer at risu away
from drugs and crime it's dare
a kind man from jsk I heard he had some
trouble with the low when he was younger
and that's why he wanted to start the
gym as his way of giving
back H Kuno who's
[Music]
Kuno oh yes you mean the kid with the
sailor's mouth yes I've heard him
yelling fani is in the
backyard I think it would take more than
a gym to help that kid so she hears the
she hears the kid screaming all the
time shouldn't she have heard the
murder unless the murder wasn't done in
the backyard
it didn't if anything it made the youth
situation in Martinez even worse at some
point someone started a rumor that the
punching back downstairs was full of
unfed it's not really full of that no
one would store their drugs like that
eventually the Coalition took away the
funding and the club went bankrupt this
was a few years ago it's gotten much
more peaceful around the plaza ever
since
Fortress accident the radio game
Studio okay there were an interesting
Bunch we talked about role playing
systems every now and then once I even
saw two of them get into fisy cuffs over
weo I was like how could she think
nothing of it when she heard it but at
the same time it's like I live I live in
I live in a city where it's probably
like the same
thing it's
like [__]
happens that's understandable fantasies
are serious things the mind is the
drawing board of History they certainly
took their work very seriously even if
they seem to be chronically liberal with
their schedules the usual they ran out
of money and couldn't get the project
done on time well I did hear them
talking at times
they seem to believe they were
historical individuals on some Grand
Quest she sounds almost mocking when she
says
that that's what I thought because when
the money started to run out they just
began to complain a lot about capitalism
you know how the markets are red to keep
up new businesses and so on in the end
they just didn't get it done they didn't
have enough willpower to produce
something truly historic and to show up
to work on
time not the wisest decision you would
have lost all your
savings the result is one on a 20-sided
die anything
else oh this one's a
mess there used to be a company that
promised to repair windows 24 hours a
day what could go wrong with this one
right turns out the business was
actually set up as a front for an
illicit group that was producing snuff
medas who would have guessed H what's a
snuff milia and they never cleaned up
the debris either now it's just
littering the hallway and I have no idea
how to get rid of it on my own one out
of 20 is crazy but that's like the look
I have with this game's rules anyway
it's a sub Rosa radio station that
broadcasts real murders with real
victims some people pay good money to
get off on
it nothing changes in her tone as she
says that as if it's just another piece
of information to lay out for the world
don't worry the ACP has a separate
division that deals exclusively with
unlicensed s broses this isn't our
problem good luck with that it's not
easy catching those
perpetrators yes I think it was called
androgynous Orlando or something similar
they wer in the big hit around here
turns out that workingclass men don't
like genderless haircuts they're scared
of that word a bit of experimenting
every now and then isn't bad it's not
about the haircut it's about the
confidence
I guess it just wasn't the time
yet you mean Mr faon the taxi dermist no
he mostly just did drugs so Orlando was
androgynous anything else they were made
by a company called
slipstream after they pivoted from
making rotor blades to skis their shf
executive the order now the biggest war
in the entire game honestly I think it's
quite funny I think he's still sending
holiday Transmissions from Tula or Tumo
or hasore or wherever he
is the usual I imagine that he's been
thinking up all kinds of new business
plans and can wait to get started on
them just as soon as he
returns men like that are a
curse sure but sleepstream is history
now all their remaining assets got
seized by the bays in 47 I have no idea
why those skis and blades are still
lying around in the house not much use
now I guess they were just the props why
return them maybe you could make a sword
out of one no wait forget it it would
take too long oh right I hope you didn't
try to ring me I think none of those
doorbells work including mine I'm still
in the middle of connecting the wires
sorry about the confusion the doorbell
with the EMP name card must belong to
her
then it can't be true they don't work
here anymore they've been gone for years
are you sure it was lipst stream
sea was it a woman maybe it was play
Sans from the
bookstore tric centeno
electrics it used to be a major electric
company 100 years ago are you sure it
wasn't just some kids playing a prank on
you it was too real to be just a prank
either we're dealing with a professional
actress or whatever happened keep your
cool it's probably better to admit that
it was a harmless
prank a prank is more likely no oh the
kids these days we were just one of them
and now they're terrorizing us no
solidarity
that's right I haven't even written my
name there as I said it's quite useless
right now it doesn't work yet you could
say so both houses were built at the
same time and under the East Delta
Commerce Center project that explains
why you can call the whirling from the
intercom orbe it I doubted anyone
responds if the whirling is part of the
same building then it's part of the Doom
commercial area the darkness of this
place place is there
too right it used to be a gaming arcade
this is an ancient fure gamers are
before my time I'm not surprised however
my advice don't base your business on a
fat hypnotism
floriography trick track especially
Pinball it's actually called Tik Tok but
that's fine agreed pinball is the
worst sure I'm
listening I'm pretty sure it still
doesn't work sure I'm good I hope it
clarified things a bit what
else I've heard the stories but I don't
think those stories are
true play sounds the Bookshop lady I've
heard that her business is doing rather
well have the energies spared her
somehow
all right but it's not just the
bookstore that's still up and running
what about the whing in racks some
people say it's part of the building
complex and then there is
me I've been here for 14 years selling
novelty dice to role playing enthusiasts
not exactly a million r business idea
yet somehow I've survived despite the
talk of malicious energies strange isn't
it maybe it's just because she's so
talented that she's been able to woo the
curse I was just about to ask what do
you think do you think the curse is
real exactly
Jud is always so disappointingly mundane
and boring but I'm glad we got this
sorted out anything else I can help you
with today that's all she has to say on
the subject she's been thorough and
truthful as far as we can
see
huh it's a Shivers roll
you feel nothing if anything it's
uncomfortably warm
here start taking off your clothes you
need to
connect she has begun to idly clean one
of her carving tools with a dirty cchf
the tools sharp edge shining in the
light of her desk lamp
the world famous balloon Champion do be
ballooning come on
Buster let's get you home
grandma what have you found
and also due by the books there may be
teachings in
them a novelty dice maker well spit it
out why does she need the dice for some
kind of
sorcery sometimes they use the ankle
bones of
sheep I don't understand if it's not her
then where is the source of the Doom how
did she explain the
curse the narrative she's built of self
it does need tearing down she's
squeezing on the pendant too tight a
drop of blood in her Palm to hell with
it per chance you ought to just lie s
do I
Gaslight or do I just be a kill
Joy don't want to burst your bubble uh I
do H too many
inconsistencies what kind of talk is
that good luck persuading her some
people can rationalize
anything I'm not doing as well as it
looks like I am I only have my Simon's
Wards to thank for the protection they
provide yes because her business
consists of the psychic leech that's
been feeding the curse I see that you've
fallen for her manipulation detective
the investigation is over I just hope
that you haven't made anything worse by
going in there thank you for nothing
please do buy some books we'll be on
your
way there was never any other way this
could have gone she's just too far gone
into her own mind I am sorry we had to
disappoint you ma'am can we go
now let's get those Shivers
going there we
go I can't resp back out can
I I can't resp back
right okay so what what were we waiting
for
our direction is through the roof oh my
God it's [__] racist guy
Mr racist
I still have two ingame hours to go
before I can do that
worn and beaten wooden planks of the
bench do not look overly
comforting we can sit on benches after
we've solved the murder you can revisit
the bench if you ever need to pass the
time when Lieutenant kitsuragi is
gone thank you
tutorial Helen tutorial
everything is good
here there are clothes inside cheap
secondhand clothes smelling of strangers
body don't be shy these are premium
class clothes good quality Fabrics best
retro design save the economy with your
style officer save the economy that
sounds off haven't you heard officer
we've got to be economically conscious
recycle your cash keep it in circulation
don't buy new things buy
eco look around officer you see all
these premium Goods just sitting there
not getting bought we've got to keep the
flow of goods moving moving is this
really the economy we want to leave to
our
children too bad officer kids make it
all worthwhile without kids who's going
to be around to enjoy the
economy don't let me stop you open the
box and browse a little you find your
lands deep in tattered and Faded
garments made from weird polyest Blends
that make your body itch and sweat in
all the wrong places the Box smells like
cat piss or like an old person with no
money economical but also trendy look
fir Hand by second hand keep the economy
moving something cold grazes your hand
synthetic and Sleek a windbreaker surf
it says but also wind summer 100%
waterproof and sport sport all in
different type fa they know about my
famous intro good choice officer Mega
sporty and it's only 450 for you
sir you see a Samaran street vendor
surrounded by a mly assemblage of goods
when he realizes you're looking at him
his face breaks into a wide welcoming
grin the name selang is embroidered over
his breast pocket happy shopping officer
everything's cool here everything's cool
the goods are cool the customers are
cool the place is cool and one more
thing officer you're very
cool bang bang bang bang oh thank you
you feel a twist in your index fingers
there's a finger shootout of
breu don't shoot officer have we gotten
arrest here or just a Shakedown of
course I'll come quietly but perhaps I
could convince you to arrest some of my
wees officer with your money
maybe give me money start with a little
compliment then work your way up from
there this is about business
remember oh
okay but why officer an
investment what kind of
investment I hear you
officer what kind of a su are we talking
about
here sounds like a fair deal all
around thanks for $10
corruption the lieutenant nods calmly
and says
corruption indeed it's just like bus or
seagull a kid watching out of a window
describing things going by
he doesn't like it too much but what do
you
do only the coolest Goods in rol I've
got sneakers speakers extremely comfy
pants too try them on right here no
shame only
Freedom I'm an entrepreneur officer I've
got sources buyers suppliers
Distributors man manufacturers
wholesalers all extremely cool and above
board good joke
officer here we don't have permits just
economic freedom take a look around you
glance around the decrepit buildings the
miserable weather the sidewalk strewn
with sunflower seeds and a dust choked
air it's beautiful beautiful freedom
that's right Reva is the best place for
an independent self- employer like
myself that's why it's so cool with all
the models coming here and cool
celebrities no need for discounts at
ceilings officer everything's already on
sale anything you want 50% off but did
he first mark them up 100% just so that
he could put them on
sale my man
you know how the game is played you and
me we should work together what do you
think shake things up anything for
you you mean these delicious prepackage
shelf stable meal kits really easy to
cook no hassle really cheap too buy some
try them out no hassle there's a little
of a hassle here it appears a moral
hassle
it
is practically free yours for 5 cents a
piece rock that tuna why not some
macaroni
too
to no problem here officer I get all
this from one of my suppliers an
extremely reputable guy wait humanex
humanitarian Aid
what a convincing performance Bravo look
officer I'm just a retailer you would
have to talk to my supplier if you got
questions about the supply chain that's
how the game works
interesting me it's a boring story
officer who cares about the past I'm all
business now all Ral this man probably
comes from sey
sometimes known as the apricot suarin an
archipelago in the Samaran
Isola very sharp officer I'm saris from
the seai province of the saris Empire
the apricot suarti you know apricot
suarti calls to mind an era when the
seag guy archipelago was colonized by
revon it's a bit of a slur in other
words oh
very cool I admire your awareness of our
intertwined histories it's super nice of
you to apologize for
colonialism but the apricot susar is a
[__] hole that's why I
left if you say so officer I don't worry
too much about politic apologize I'm an
entrepreneur you know whatever is good
for business is good for
me you keep coming back that's good
officer keep browsing those clothes keep
saving that econony
got to prepare for Springtime right sure
why not [__] it
jacket oh
that looks great on
him that looks
SC drama one clinically
insane these have descriptions
okay wow that that
that jacket is not for him
did I click on this there's a pile of
cheap sunglasses in a small box you like
sunglasses officer I've got the latest
Styles right here abort these are
hideous what's more they don't even fit
your face you can feel them pinching
your nose and chafing against your
brow damn officer you look like a mega
secret spy very secret they're
practically made for you I'll let you
have them for 2
R50 it's going to be very difficult for
anyone to take you seriously with these
things on your face no you are
definitely not buying
those are you sure but they look so good
on you these are all boring boring Third
Rate hoam sunglasses made of cheap SES
plastic the kind of plastic that melts
in the
sun those UV stickers are almost certain
just there for the show if anything
these lenses probably direct more UV
light into your pupils these are all
First Rate sunglasses premium design
superb material very cool UV resistant
these will definitely keep your eyes
safe and cool while doing your dangerous
police work this is not a big deal but
I'll
try no luck all you find is this lime
colored cell visor produced by a bargain
Sports Weare brand called amphibian
apparently there's a malformed green
frog on its bent cap oh I want that oh
that visor is perfect for you officer
it'll definitely keep the Sun out of
your eyes while you're shooting
criminals bang bang and all for a m six
real hey at least it might actually
offer some protection against the Sun
not like those cheap plastic shades
I hope not you don't like it sure Square
Joe no problem let's get you some real
Shades is that
cheese can I get cheese
[Music]
thanks for cheese
your buddy betrays your
degeneracy yeah measurehead his body
totally betrays his
degeneracy
what are you admiring my
morphophysiology it must be frightening
to stand in the shadow of this r Al
Pinacle be calm I'm sandwich you are not
in danger because you are not a threat
to
me you have succumbed to all
Ru you Rec of it an invisible sword of
alul emerges from your
throat you cannot see it but others can
it is made
the woman in my company
sick yes alul he means
alcohol correct my small skull
servant alul is an ancient IL Maran
pison a parasitic fungus that has col
ized your race it is a trick the desert
Big M played on you for humiliating them
and stripping them off their land
intentionally fermented drinks have
existed for 10,000
years this is a fabric The Alchemist of
yot and Bash and and have fed your
people go on believing in it raise
loser why don't you have another drink
your features are not yet congenitally
deformed enough oh yeah measure
head
what it's not good it's like a rat
crawled into your stomach got drunk and
drowned well that's goodness
no you don't you need to get another
drink oxidal applo group B4 is done
giving orders around here the influence
of the amand r is raining what does this
remind you of someone the guy down
there look at my Kan ology I Am The
Pinacle of my applo group The Pink blob
is a bad example even of yours it
saddens
me you were once a noble and Powerful
race what is this guy all about you gave
the world Eugenics
electricity and powerful weapons of war
like missiles and aerostatic aircraft
you made great G gains in metalurgy race
Theory and
statecraft you dominated lesser cultures
like the deformed Hans and the
inexplicably potato obsessed
quos but now your Ascent to the genetic
Summit has halted you are obsessed with
sadness and with frivolous pop
cure that's cool you will be super he
did isn't that right babe it is baby
yeah you know it there is a button right
behind him just Out Of Reach it must be
the one that opens the door to the
harbor last we saw your face
was last we saw
last last
we
last
last last we saw your R was being
superseded by the
semones it is my task to keep the
degenerate drunks from entering the
aror that is right you should leave the
stage of history with dignity by
inviting the other races to a great
world war bring your troops to the
simine islands and to Boogie Street and
we will pulverize you when you are gone
we will build a museum for you the walls
will be lined with bottles of Al hul
your beloved beverage inside we will
store the OES to homosexuality you call
Art and your mik skulls there may be a
peaceful solution to this you could
internalize measure head's race theory
he would take you as one of his own well
not as such what you do with a Mastery
of advanced race theory is up to you you
could reject the findings I don't know
if I want to become an advanced races
accept them and become an advanced
racist I don't want to become an
advanced racist
I want to do anything but
that why not it sounds funny really
doesn't
Advanced racism does not sound like a
funny
thing just sounds like a subcategory of
broing the internet dwelling
kind look how easy it is to be become an
advanced
racist does not require brain power to
do this the man looks at you silent and
unmoving his eyes borrow into the
remnants of your
soul you are not Santiago Santiago is
not you even the fically impaired can
see this racists are generally not very
good examples of their race welcome to
revera you hear him yell at a redhead
woman visiting the fror nearby he must
think redheads are
immigrants I am not like them I am
craniometric
Perfection I have taken the trouble to
permanently draw a phenologic grid on my
skull and
features this should dispel any doubt
the drawings are precise and look true
to their pseudo scientific Ambitions one
thing however it is not entirely free of
Throwbacks in the philogenetic tree his
large jaw for example could be a trait
indicative of
criminalises his earlobes could be
smoken that activistic stigma makes she
say yes plenty babe
thanks but I got
this oh don't be vulgar white or not has
got little to do with this the race
Enigma runs much deeper than
that none of these are real things you
need to get a job
Mr CLA is a man of vision and means he
has the will to confront polycultural
Capital something your race nistic
Communists never did also to serve is
Noble it takes
discipline your petulent in
individualism has only contributed to
your race
failure it is laxs and
moronic my jam is a mysterious four
thing
Jam
individualism you have gotten these
ideas from degenerate youth culture have
you not you have picked them up from
rock and roll
songs is there a way to get him to speak
f F like a normal
person of course it does you are a
degenerate individualist and a rock and
roll
Rabel upon of international finance just
like the rest of your ham colored RS
this is a load of
barnacles I am I am not surprised you
enjoy it so much this has happened to
many of the side products of the
inevitable cultural victory of the
semones
race the South Island race applo group
R4 up we are the rful masters of the
insulindian archipelago
we descend from the arop pajits of
ancient peric Caris and arrived here
4,000 years ago this accent is so
inconsistent Millenia before you buddy
old pal is making it up on the spot we
are the
future that is all you need to know I am
a
descendant the narrow streets of are
with me in my genetic dreams
I see young semones women walk into the
gay Mass on IL phant waiting on
Immaculate con how you spoke fast there
try that again but like for the entire
stanza of words you're
saying
no I have heard about it on the
radio I'm from kuron and now
it is not just in R the city is Central
to the Sim strategy spreading through
its trade networks our culture will
dominate the world you have heard enough
about our philogenetic secrets for today
you have Extinction to come to terms
with and never getting into the
harbor I think this racist is better
than the last but the next racist will
be the really good one that will be
the there always is race is
reality that's cool but why does he look
like a boulder
so there is there is so much
stuff yes
meow sorry I'm just the balloon champion
of the
universe have you no shame whing about
your back every time you bring out the
measuring tape Hony you're a man with a
fork in a world of soup please let's
just try try to enjoy the game all right
I'm trying to but you keep breaking my
concentration you're old I can see that
we're both old now stop grabbing your
ass like it's a girl these manly men are
playing
balls this is a ball game grab a ball
and play it don't ask questions shoot
first ask questions never all right I
got us B time that's the spirit don't
even waste your breath asking about the
game they wouldn't know anyway they're
way past their
Prime
huh what you are immediately surprised
by the ball's lack of weight no matter
you'll make it work
the cold metal ball is surprisingly
smooth against your neck it has a
pattern on it probably a sponsored ball
yours would only be covered with bumps
of learning and scars of Victory already
your muscles are adjusting to the weight
the nervous system calibrating until you
and the ball have merged into a single
entity the man ball the man ball is
ready the man ball a chili Breeze
Ruffles your hair as you stand there
feet firmly planted all sounds smells
even the wind everything Fades until the
only thing left is the union of man and
ball this is the story of DJ
goober he said father I want to become
ball an embodiment of pure motion a
fine-tuned locomotor running at maximum
efficiency
[Music]
okay
Ma de
m a [__] house of [__] it wasn't [__]
house of [__] the shot was at least 23 M
probably 24 and then some nothing to be
embarrassed about what the hell is your
problem I don't
know you vandalized our game son we
can't play Tonk with five
bull well it's damn well isn't it's
patonk you ruined a patonk game we want
our bull back take it easy Renee this is
just a misunderstanding isn't it officer
no harm done of course there's har done
you o slug you are as a godamn
bull will
this no it will goddamn not thank you
officer this is really something
honestly I think it's better than how
old W even
h m dear all right all right fine what
do you want officer yes why did you come
here it's unlikely they know anything
about the murder you never know he might
know something this is a good Vantage
Point yes the terrain here provides an
interesting variety to a familiar game
I do fire from Heavy
Artillery why what because that's what
happens when communites hijack your
country execute your Supreme leadership
and turn your Capital into a slaughter
house you use heavy ordinance to clean
up your
home gummies Communists socialists
anarchists call them what you like they
just chose the name to f feel special
senseless
sentimentality sadly no it was the
foreigners who brought them to their
knees we fought valiantly too valiantly
so valiantly we got
licked uh-huh should have for dirty like
they did with this suicide six cult
propaganda and mad Anarchist women
strapped to shrapnel bombs we didn't so
and we left calib
God bless him but the sarain Cannons
simply weren't big enough it was
probably a bit more complicated than
that I'd understand I understand I'd
bomb this place
too because this place
ised had to soften the comies up first
yes the military coordinated amphibious
Landing to take back Rell maltiness was
used as one of the three footholds in
reveral during operation death blow in '
08 the other two are of in Stella Maris
and the
Delta this here is blood ground where
Coalition boots first made landfall and
clean those rabbit dogs out most likely
we're playing Pon on their mangled
corpses blow ground you got old rone
going there like he isn't angry enough
already mhm don't get me WR officer I
hate those Fallen dogs but the enemy of
my enemy and all that they the Lesser
evil come right son they laid the fire
of Hell on this city before they stormed
it and and it worked too the rest of the
city got cleaned up but Martinez they
keep as a monument and now the union
socialists are practically running the
place well it's your own damn fault you
we the Coalition EV whoever you want to
blame never finished the job officially
the party never surrendered of course
they still all influence you don't even
begin to truly understand the play on
the table let alone the specific
circumstances
surrounding what do you think thinking
men have opinions on these things
present one present one
H I don't know I'm just so damn sorry it
had to be the Coalition after 8 years of
fighting those hyenas boiling cats for
food and drinking peace in the mountains
I would have preferred if they write
honorable King Gom return through
reveral or even if sdam Clan Fel had
risen from the grave and L us sadly that
was not case instead all that is just
holy and beautiful in the world was
wiped away and now it's neon signs with
two pads
everywhere foreign influence pedling
garbage and stupid music on the radio
this is just what the commies wanted
this was their plan all along this is
what they wanted to replace the RO of
the suarin
with at two King in both blood and mind
let R shall before
Freel he would have been better but Zam
comies drove him into Exile some manner
of self deceit is present in his
thinking sounds like this gon abandoned
him and he doesn't want to admit
it damn
frell he was the king we couldn't
protect the carabineers failed him and
the
clown he died in the hands of the Hy in
a very public
execution he slouches as he says that it
makes him smaller admitting they left
the king to the Mob he doesn't that was
100 years ago a got nothing to do with
anything is the King has everyone
forgotten
already they forgotten already it's no
use talking to you you were still in
Daddy's borers when it happened when we
took power L stand against the filth and
rout the Cavalry straight into
gunfire it's a b mrave 4.46 caliber
Bridge loading Rell made good weapon
accurate and reliable his moves are
quick and precise as he first checks the
weapon then aims it at the sea this man
knows Firearms intimately this one's
inoperable the Bol spring is missing and
the mechanism is jammed shut still a
beauty where did you find
her I'm not surprised there are probably
lots of Forgotten wartime weapons lying
around here back in the day everyone had
something stashed away as for the rifle
I don't know what else to tell you these
BM 446s are an antique no one uses them
anymore the ammunition is impossible to
find unfortunately I don't unlik most of
the locals I have no CRS about assisting
law enforcement but this affair has
passed me by completely in Martinez the
union is the law so can you really blame
them cop is a pajora of term I don't
have a problem with policeman on the
contrary I admires the effort to bring
order to our streets he doesn't know
about the crime your time is better been
discussing
politics I am confident they are
indispensable in regard to all the
paperwork and other administrative
duties oh
man but you must agree that nature in
her infinite wisdom has made men more
fit to perform certain more challenging
tasks don't you officer really officer
match an average woman against an
average man in a dark alley and see who
comes out on top gender equality is very
Noble very modern idea but in real life
Primal roles
Prevail but I do not wish to discuss
this matter further why he's going to
get sized up he doesn't realize that
he's scared ah yes King Philip the Third
on his Steed a reminder of what Rell
once was
oh
absolutely at the mercy of a cocain
snorting Tyrant who hemped the treasury
so he could sleep on a bed of gold the
superpower feared and respected a
testament to what this country can be
under the leadership of a true king
someone who knows how to
rule what was that about cocaine oh H
Philip was a big fan of the purple nose
candy the nobility loved so much a
cocain of sorts his egocentricity is
borderline legendary you can't even take
the responsibility for yourself how
could you fathom the responsibility
Weighing on the shoulders of a ruler
that's why the Philippian kings use
cocaine for clarity of vision to Aid in
their work rnum cocainum ral's finest
years is this person just throwing balls
infinitely into the
crater do it again
do it again oh purple
one
wow beautiful of course Clarity of
vision awareness Philip the was even
brought into this world with the help of
cocaine the court medic administer the
do to his mother when she was in labor
and it is well known that with the help
of cocaine only the purest of course he
was able to connect with higher Realms
he's just making excuses for the king's
habits isn't
he
for from what I've seen of the officers
of the
Alm but I don't want to get into a
debate about darkg policies
decisively without fear of offending the
sensibilities of the frail and
weak-minded among his subjects this is
something the insurgents never
understood anesio is only as strong as
its leader that's why it was such
Madness to try to don't get started on
that again what happened
happened the caravaner doesn't reply but
his entire being communicates
unbreakable resolve
right All You observe is a veteran
refusing to let go of the past and his
old uniform this is not uncommon it's
funny because that's supposed to be the
the the failed attempt at Discerning but
that's kind of just what I'm thinking
this is the uniform of the royal
carabineers in service of Fel the first
Gom Leon and the valiant king Philip the
fist before him don't you mean frel the
you do not speak his name claven
although he was a
clown but he was our clown he was I was
to ridic he he was our clown there's
something you missed you'll get to it
don't
worry
hey
huh hey you yes you word on the street
is you're ready to start building commun
ISM
again how come there's bir on the street
you keep saying things like down with
the Bourgeois Eat the Rich sodomize the
land owners impel all people who have
more than 25 real in their pocket
literally murder all human beings
regardless of their political beliefs
that kind of
stuff yeah that sounds like me funky
style very funky so tell me do you have
any questions before we fire up the big
communism Builder or do we get right
down to it
wait wait what does this
mean failure it's about
failure yes abject failure total
irreversible defeat on all fronts
absolutely vanquished beaten curb stomp
and pissed on until you came along you
will reverse the fortune of the workers
of the world you alone against every
living thing against every human alive
800 trillion real in the hands of an
impossibly well-organized ruling class
towering city blocks of Bank men who
have the ears of prime ministers million
headed armies of Nations and the love of
your own mother you against the atom the
charm and the spin where the whole world
failed wait what are we talking about fa
to bend to human will human will fail to
get out of bed and tie its laces you
alone singlehandedly will rebuild the
dreams of the working class you are the
last
communist now get to work
comrade what do you mean often or out of
Communism why is this think I'm choosing
right
now what's
happening is it like doing this Bas to
like the way I'm responding to
people the game raids your political
philosophy based on your dialogue
choices I'm being profiled
um which is bad because you're doing a
great job so yeah let's do communism oh
yeah get the firing squads and animal
wagons ready wait what firing squads you
didn't say anything about
those too late to back out now you can't
make an omelette without breaking a few
million eggs yeah fair enough
true all
right oh I could
what and I have a skill issue I can't uh
can't internalizes right
now all right guys let's do
communism enormous
enormous do I have a particular goal
right
now for
just inspect the body I can't expect
inspect the body without throwing up
currently oh wait but I
I I have the L vric [__] compressor or
whatever why am I being
circled all right let's get to the
communism there he still is looking
right through you with his white eyes
the body below is entirely dedicated to
that corpse smell emitting it is all it
does
now all right there he still is looking
again the corpse laughs at you P
dripping from its mouth you will never
every time it happens
it okay even though I got my [__]
compressed how is it possible just cry
I'm at a loss as well I could swear your
[__] was together Detective sometimes
even that is not enough officer you just
need to be stronger learn to keep it in
long enough for us to work there's
nothing else to do you can open this
white check again by going to your
character sheet and spending a skill
point to upgrade your endurance gain
maybe it's okay if you don't make it
today the dead man isn't going anywhere
and there's always other things
no I'm
omniscient and I'm the balloon there he
still is as you breathe in the OD comes
over you what did I tell you it's a
spell of the mind telling you to run and
your stomach to ring itself empty with
your hands at your sides and your eyes
squinting you stand in
it they do after seven days yes we are
deep in decomposition here the man
before you is naked but for a pair of
Underpants and enameled boots his skin
is greenish marbled with decaying veins
and blotched by lividity a fading web of
tattoos covers his chest and shoulders
the cargo belt used to fasten him to the
branch above appears Industrial in
strength the material appears to be
ceramic its clean white stands in stark
contrast to the decaying flesh above the
knee the man wore thick polymer socks
probably for padding a fine array of
interlocking plates covers them delicate
and fragile they feel alien to the world
around you out of place somehow I was
thinking that these are clearly not
boots they're armor possibly part of a
larger
set indeed technically speaking these
are sabatons not
boots oh the lieutenant uses a Neo
technique A6 that's not just any
notebook it's a
classic it's clearly some manner of
super armor or future armor Super Future
armor I'm useless ceramic plate
zirconium dioxide most likely this is
where the make would be under the hill
fair weather fair weather model t500 V
I'm guessing that's vrio in this is
advanced
stuff it is it's
expensive we've requested similar
material for our tactical units for
years now the constabulary is deemed it
too costly in that time we've lost six
men to semi-automatics for a full set
about four years of wages for the
northwest region of reveral an officer's
average yearly income is 5,000 500 real
unadjusted for rank not too much
yes it's a sorry situation I
agree that's for us to find out Mr G
implied he was security Personnel for
the harbor company this confirms my own
assumptions
I agree this equipment is Way Beyond
what a guard can afford that's for us to
find out just something I scraped
together from my station an area report
on Martinez now your first instinct was
correct this equipment is Way Beyond
what a security guard can
afford pece by piece he's been out here
for seven days it would be odd if they
didn't we should keep a look up for this
pieces the armor could yield
information maybe he'll know
something yeah again the game clocking
uh clocking because as my play style is
leading towards communism is like kind
of funny but it's like
true I me where do I where do I
have where do I keep it
it's right
here
nice just shout out shout out to the
Bible uh you know how we do
it I keep it next to The Very Hungry
Caterpillar they sit right next to each
other apparently I don't know if that
was intentional or not
the sabatons dangle off the man's
decaying form ageless and synthetic that
sh looks like it's from Halo Am I Wrong
it literally just it literally gives me
this like the sort of grounded not
fleshy but organic looking like I don't
know Tech just just
weird a small bell-like sound fills the
air like tapping on the side of a
porcelain cup the prar in your hand is
itching for some action is
it it's anything but this material is a
kinetic redistributor it spreads kinetic
energy horizontally from plate to Plate
dissipating it entirely see faint
organic lines cover the plates where
they separate into smaller ones these
plates then divide into smaller plates
until there are hundreds of them Al
together like whs of floorboards the
design looks organic influenced by
highly resistant materials like lignum
vety and Ebony perhaps if trees were
made of porcelain this is what the
cross-sections would look like the
smooth glossy surface fractures into
ever more intricate interconnections
peing on the right Sabaton where you
notice the worlds are in a shape of a
letter and number combination
e50 100 1,000 oh good can you read it to
me
x541 15
6745 678 222
let's
lie why why would I
lie why would I lie about
this listen I I like to Gaslight people
for fun but this is like just just we're
we're trying to just do something
objective
here we have a make in a number that's
something we can use the radio in Maka
when we're done either station can chase
it for us a small the privar in your
hand the metal connects with the same
ding the sound does not appear to get
louder interesting the only difference
is a barely audible click underneath
sounds like the end of a long dice roll
did you hear that a click this is a
kinetic redistributor it spreads the
incoming faint or like worlds of floro I
am so so disappointed in you what are
you interested in then we already talked
about it though conceptualization
remember oh conceptualization I forgot
you're not short-term memory that's all
right the stench fills your nostrils as
you push downward an ominous creaking
sound comes from above
stop Pig's going to pull his head off
brutal
huh you're about to pull his head
off do it
homo pull his head off there's no point
performing an autopsy if you do we have
compromised the coroner's case indeed
from this angle it does look like the
neck isn't going to take much more being
dead for a week is has all but liquefied
his muscles what are you trying to
achieve anyway why are you hanging on to
that
boot how many clothes do you need you
already found the number besides there's
no way you're getting them off all the
organic matter in his body has been
flowing down into the boots they are
fused to his feet now why do you think
the locals haven't scavenged them yet
you're sure there's a way to peel them
off but first the body needs needs to be
down and second it would probably be
better if the lieutenant wasn't
around no all right then you can pay the
hosle bill in honor points how many
honor points have you
collected of course there aren't don't
be naive shut up interfacing I'm more
interesting than you
I'm uh incompetence and uh I can fight
you processing will take care of them
with the situation in the morg it will
yield nothing but we must pick our
fights should we continue the kadava
slowly twists on the cargo belt his
torso covered in tattoos and extremities
blotched pink and blue that was a long
time on the boots option The Hangman's
knot is pulled tight by the weight of
the corpse below yellow hard-edged
polyester cuts into his neck above a
sliding Buckle ties the belt to the
branch this is a steel reinforced cargo
lashin belt Big Brother of the regular
cargo belt it's used for tying cargo
under six rotor
airships airlifting I thought it was
used on lores for strapping cargo to
them my brain tells me
so the local Harbor uses six rotters to
shuffle containers around I get the
sense they use whatever was on hand
without paying much attention to not
incriminating themselves I'm still
approaching this as a lynching yes
motivated by the ongoing strike
you 70% of the cases I get are just
filling in the blanks on the initial
report this belt worries
me I was afraid it would be thin steel
wiring parallel strands this makes
getting him down more problematic than I
had
assumed a new is one of those things
that's easier to use one way
around that ladder can't carry a grown
man I didn't see any splintering either
did you I think they last sued the
branch then pulled on the Belt to close
the
Buckle well that's still a lot of effort
could be the shape of the branch
supports the theory but I guess cuz
there were like what we we found there
were eight people there that would make
sense with all that effort the cadava
hangs from the cargo belt yes I know an
intricate web of blue lines stretches
across the Torso from the right shoulder
to the solar plexus each time they
intersect a small white star is formed
in their Crossing hundreds of fading
Asters riddle his skin the concentration
is highest around his heart
of no nation that I know of if anything
it reminds me of religious illumination
last or penultimate Century men who live
harsh lives often turn to innocenti
worship but which one I see no trace of
a humanoid figure I
agree what he wears a wide leather belt
around his waist and a gun holster under
his arm he takes a thin piece of miled
aluminium from his coat pocket and pulls
it open sounds like a sword being
unshaved a small lens appears some sort
of
camera [__] Kuno what the [__] is that
an instant color
camera I have only two ampols so nobody
move I don't want to waste
one a sound a shrill flash followed by
the breaking of a small ampol of glass
you see streams of color pour onto the
thick glossy piece of paper rolling
out in case we need
it those boots are
crazy that's all I can think just the
Brits are
crazy hat triot moment am I right or am
I
right yes it is pretty cool isn't it
there is only one ample left use it
wisely it contains insight to the
victim's person by his build I'd say
this was a man of physical violence the
story he wanted his body to tell was
important to him it is his letter to us
someone should decipher it we'll need to
show it
around sure just don't lose it the
glassy eyed corpse looks by his mouth
mute and his skin as colorful as the
chemical Rainbow on the photo paper is
the green character the opportunistic
organisms no that's just
Tiberia his eyes are milky white and
blind to the world protruding comically
from their sockets there is no one home
just subaquatic Terrors there dark brown
hair grows on his head his face is is
ready to explode from the organic
processes inside the de's head grin has
passed what remains is an unrecognizable
mess the corpse is dead silent you have
no idea why you just said that who is he
he is male 40250 with an athletic
build the corpse looks right through you
as you distance yourself from its stench
as you narrow your eyes the monster
before you blurs into a violent mess of
green and pink this is a trick you've
done it before pink is where the blood
settled in the first hour's postmortem
you can use it to see if the corse has
been tampered with does his position at
the time of death match the
discoloration only the lower extremities
are pink with a dash of blue his fatted
hands thighs and his neck just above the
Noose the rest of the corpse appears
dark green in the Cold Spring Air I see
it he's neck too the lividity goes right
up his chin we have good well pronounced
discoloration here the monster comes
back into Focus an explosion of color
csing with dark marbled veins his
stomach appears pregnant with something
black liquid streams down his thigh and
onto his
boot dude I know you're pregnant but
there's like a kid throwing [__] at you
so like let me wait let me wait to let
that [__] out until like the the Kuno is
gone so what do you
think he's beating up see the
bruises agreed especially on the neck
the belt acted like a t keeping the
blood in his head the hyp dises supports
her
hanging there's always a chance we
should check for ligament marks on his
neck to see if they're in tune with the
belt we'll have to get him down
first I agree his personality is no
longer a part of the world totally
dead he
a pool of blood and feces has eaten into
the frozen mud below the man's feet
Purge liquid is dripping into it drop by
drop the victim appears to have
contained no more than half a kilogram
of digestion at the time of death the
[__] he
saying talking about
[__] Didi I don't feel look
he hated that I do most of them are
postmortem maybe even all of them the
delinquents have made our jobs harder
with their little sport stop talking in
riddles coin slot it means he [__] him
up good Kuno [__] him up brutal
like but there is no breath to catch
only the cadava filling the air and your
nostrils he slowly rotates before you
decomposing are you sure we finished the
preliminary examination of the cadav we
might miss some of these things once
he's
done the cadava slowly twists on the
cargo belt his torso covered in tattoos
and extremities blocked pink and
blue I was going to potentially put in
the Inland Empire next
anyway 75 out of 100 still have to go
with
this
that's can I use the pry bar to get into
the door of the
like
room are there are people
here fascinating
yes not you Kim shut up
twink that sugary black rum stain on the
counter makes you teary eyed with joy
it's almost touching how syrupy and
sticky it is how long have you been up
already oh excuse me do you have
something better to do than lust for
sweet syrupy rum and lemonade with a
Twist of lemon maybe lime maybe who
cares just
run this is the most exhilarating
character in the whole
game this one saying
everything yes
bro how much epic swag do I have
none zero
swag how do I get in there
hello again
sweetie you see a heavy still
door so nothing with that yet
can I help
you mine no it belongs to the whirling
in rags thank you for clearing the that
why do you keep the container
locked why to keep the hobos and drunks
out that's why and the neighbors too
they put their trash there and they
don't pay for the garbage company I
thought as much and are you the only
party with access to the trash container
well yes us and the garbage disposal
Company it seems a little callous
doesn't it something stirs in you CR at
him and find
out Callas what are you crass mazov
almost all establishments in Revol keep
their trash locked the whiring and Rags
is not special in that regard KMOV N
Gear was an economist and a historical
materialist he was a leading figure on
the gr side of the Centennial Revolution
where he headed the n-day government
mazov is considered the father of
scientific communism movian thought or
mazovian ISM well
damn yum yum tell me more he killed
himself oh what are we talking about was
this not about the trash container
was there something you wanted what for
maob are you planning to nationalize my
trash container it concerns the case
please cooperate just bring them back
once you're done
please another thing great I love those
yes can we can I use the pry
bar for the room upstairs
or am I too interested in something that
doesn't matter
potentially what was that Kim also tries
not to look at the pile of tape visera
on the carpet or the weird suitcase on
the hat wreck or the potted plant dying
in the corner but it's all just too
morbid to ignore the man is finding it
hard not to trip on the tape and not to
send any of the bottles rolling across
the floor
this is where the magic happens and by
that you mean crimes against
humanity
no hi I have no idea what that
means what's the problem with this
door why is it so
alluring the door is closed this door
can only be opened with a key or from
the
inside there is no answer you hear the
shower being turned on somewhere
inside I'm
good but I need to I need to do karaoke
so wait what am I running around here
for I want to check here cuz I have some
money what was this again oh the tear
machine stands in the corner a sign set
that's right I don't have any bottles
with
me being communist this early is so
funny I've never heard that dialogue
from
car no don't don't no none of that a
small cabinet on the wall is filled with
various medicine bottles nasal spray
okay so I can get healing items here
question
mark um is this about the questions
again cuz I don't really know
anything a
warehouse I don't know maybe I don't
really care what frck does she scrunches
up her face into an expression of
consumate adolescent skepticism fine
frit doesn't have a warehouse just a
little back room here
okay what the [__] is
hobocop okay so wait
what if I not inspected oh I need to get
a point
into a point into Inland Empire and then
I can retry that thing I need 20 more
points to do that
though so I have to find hold
on hi Ace detective are you here for
more
books
goodbye broken windows this coin
operated viewer is facing Southwest its
coin slot is full of fossilized bubble
gum rendering the machine permanently in
accessible poor little viewer the metal
feels cold and wet under your palm it
looks unhygienic poor little viewer the
metal feels cold and wet under your palm
it looks unhygenic I have hoves the
it looks
unhygienic a thick layer of graphito
covers the lenses you spend out the word
onok written on the other side with n
and C scribbled backwards that's Kuno on
the lens yeah I know I I gathered that
under the grao a sea of Blues and Grays
appear behind the water lies a coast
studded with concrete and reads on it a
church on stilts lanky weather-worn
wooden planks an ex shaped AC cross
topping its Tower you know this to be
the star of pericones or the pyo the
central symbol of the perian church a
star a great moral height to be strived
towards around the large wooden building
you see chunks of sea ice gathered on
the beach and a small tent set up on the
ice poor little viewer the metal feels
cold and wet
under this coin of operated viewer is
facing south the instruction manual says
to insert 25 Cs and pull the handle
while looking inside then use the focus
knob to zoom in if necessary why place a
tourist attraction in the middle of such
poverty hold on can you give me a
second I I to do
something this coin Opera the metal
this coin operated viewer is fake there
was a revitalization project in 49 a
design studio tried restoring Martinez
to its pre-war Glory he didn't stick
they got as far as the street lamps and
the statue on that intersection then
something went Sor I suspect that
something was Evar Clair the union
leader he mled them out it's how it
usually goes WR here
the lieutenant adjusts his collar it's
frisky outside I thought it's freaky
outside like sure
dude your money disappears into the coin
slot a clunk the Ring of metal the
curtains on the display open you lean in
to catch the view it's blurry different
blues and greens in the middle of the
Shimmer stands a drad gray shape like a
ghost
the lenses shift the ghost sharpens into
an islet in the bay in the ruins a
man-made structure is visible a half
sunken sea for its concrete almost
reconquered by Nature it looks as if it
was abandoned quite some time ago
nothing but a rotten tooth remains of
the anti-aircraft Tower a lonely birch
tree grows out of it really I don't have
the eyesight to make it out
well maybe he just
patted the little
viewer you wouldn't have such a skill
issue it's not indifferent to my
Approach it's thrilled that I'm
here
oh
hello this is a wall on the side of an
apartment building why am I looking at
this
wall you have no clue it's just a
wall so many walls all over martines
weather wor cracked their paint peeling
are you trying to sneak up on me come to
slip my throat in my sleep I mean yeah
apparently she doesn't like people
standing behind her back logic error she
is not sleeping right
now I logic does not like logic does not
like to be gaset at all Pig's come to
take me out trying to Snuff me out
don't get [__] clever with me pig you
think you're so
clever
okay okay actually you could you can
actually shoot here by the
way you know it just occurred to me I
can
equip wait
all it's not in
tools let the intrusive thoughts win I
kind of want
to is there any purpose for this can we
get it like
repaired and it's not specific Al to
shoot her that is that is not the only
reason I'm thinking about getting
repaired okay rifle doesn't
work okay very
quickly uh I have to do a drop shot can
you guys watch tiberious while I'm gone
ah
ah ah
ah ah ah
nice drop shot
accomplished wait was someone saying
something in the
game anyway Double
K It's been a
[Music]
why do I look at it suspiciously okay
there must be another way into the
building [__] ex excuse
me what the [__] was
that can't get involved in
this do it
again you do not again Kim
not again what the [__] was
that so much for a quiet
smoke he smoke through telepathically
what the [__] was
that why is it so funny there's got to
be another way in the building
why did he say it like
that I I'm supposed to look at the
trash take a
look I really should go pet the viewer
again
this trash container is locked the
sliding lid has a padlock that says
whirling in rags with a well oiled crack
the lock pops open it should now be
possible to Simply raise the lid don't
maybe you
shouldn't just the feeling a warning
from some part of you no the smell of
rotten food Rises to greet you you see
soggy cartons dirt rags and organic
waste oh how
kind we're just in time this hasn't been
emptied for over
week you see milk an egg rest with one
broken egg in it some pasta wrapper
picking up the socki packages somehow
feels familiar you've done this before
the movements are recorded in your
elbows the methodology in your fingers
you're used to
this no searching for evidence in the
trash a box falls into pieces in your
hands batis solle cereal there are
plastic pasta packages below and turbo
noodles nothing of note however among
the threadbear kitchen towels something
catches your eye a pair of denim
trousers as the legs of the slim covered
jeans begin to unspool from the garbage
a rank corpse smell fills the air the
victim's
clothes C Ino door is faint if these
belong to the deceased they were removed
when he was still in the early stages of
Decay drop them in here
officer guitar Mark blue jeans CET empty
or emptied he wore them with a belt too
a white belt the loops appear stretched
but the belt is missing that's it do you
see anything else in there I have
another bag here something slimy catches
your eye a drab long- sleeved shirt
Olive colored appears from the food
waste dripping with pus this is a
military type over garment No Label or
serial number this is the kind of ribit
shirt that's worn of a light armor to
consider it in an urban
scenario anything more the rest of the
rags are just kitchen variety waste a
yellow old mug that catches your eye but
other than that all right we should go
to G again and ask if he knows who put
the clothes in in the trash it could be
as simple as someone from the hostel
cleaning in the yard or that one I'd
advise against confronting that
force not really all we know is the
victim's claws are in the trash the lead
was locked and this establishment had
the key it's just a small loose
threat the [__] he on about kids you
he Kuno he thinks you're an infant or
something see the lieutenant nods then
looks back into the trash container it's
just organic waste cold and slimy on
your hands apple and potato pills mostly
unidentified sludge and the occasional
chicken bone thrown in for good measure
but hey what's
this a blue piece of plastic sticks out
from the Apple pills it's shiny look
like something something larger a
clipboard a blue plastic clipboard with
moist papers hanging from it they look
badly damaged but you can still make out
forms and notes written in a man's
handwriting officer is that your
paperwork it is look the plastic has the
RCM Street grid on it you've even got an
autopsy form in
there if you don't mind me asking how
did this get in the
trash I don't know what's the
answer officer this is an official piece
of paperwork it probably contains notes
on numerous ongoing investigations and
could even list Undercover operatives
informants I suggest integrating it into
your style for all our SES easier said
than done how could this pathetic
cabbage of copy paper and plastic ever
become Tre
disco it would also not hurt to start
taking notes on the case now tell me
what your eagle eyes see or are we
finished some items such as The Ledger
you found are interactable go to your
inventory and select the interact AB to
read your
paperwork you pick out a broken mug with
an oddly racist depiction of the yellow
man frolicking in Saffron only in its
social sensibility mhm I I didn't
actually want that but thanks the
container sounds are muffled
gone that's one thing of the least I
think we got it
all the smell of rotten Food rises to
greet you you see soggy cartons dirty
rags and organic
waste the container sounds a muffled
G okay Inland
Empire
good and then
okay can't think about these things yet
I just do not have the capacity
to it's the leging found in the trash a
pitiful cabbage of white and yellow
papers hanging from plastic board barely
held together by a metal clip this sad
display is made complete by The Faint
smell of urinal
cleaner there's a piece of toilet paper
or is it cleaning tissue no it's toilet
paper desperately sticking to the back
of the blue plastic clipboard it's it's
a metaphor for you oh thank you it's
just toilet paper sticking to the back
of the plastic clipboard you can take it
off if you want still wet the toilet
paper peels off the plastic easily all
you have to do is Shake It Off with your
finger and voila The Ledger now looks
marginally better an aluminium block
runs the width of the board Biting Down
on the paperwork its crocodile teeth are
the only thing keeping the papers
together
a regular pencil the tip worn down to
nothing has been attached to the
clip the surface is interrupted by a
silvery sticker it's rectangular
sparkling with iridescence you don't
know how you didn't notice it before
looks like an official Mark made to be
low visibility outside the right
circumstances it is similar to the RCM
watermark on your Blazer the lieutenant
mentioned didn't he say something about
the headlights of his motor Carriage
that you can read these
there what yes uh allogen Watermark used
for adding information to RCM
property it depends aside from an anti-c
containg stamp mine has my station
number and address the information
varies by date of issue maybe yours will
have how many cases you've solved any
capable light with the right wavelength
will do
yes RCM vehicles have headlights tuned
especially to reveal allogen watermarks
this means you can read the water marks
if you just turn the lights on okay
while a bunch of Soden papers sag from
the clipboard in your hand it's a sorry
sight they're not exactly white they're
yellowed in Patches by sunlight and
alcohol and covered in dense blue
handwriting ink escapes into watercolor
patterns reaching its tendrils across
entire Pages the paper itself is
checkered with faint red lines forming
short paragraphs once in a while there's
a red stamp that exclaims case files
commit to paper the Case Files
themselves are plenty you count more
than a 100 sod crumpled up Ear marked
Pages falling apart in your hands they
appear to be sufficiently organized and
extremely dense if mostly illegible work
strife poverty the Jamrock quarter these
are handwritten logs of Investigations
dating back to January 51 this year the
exact number is hard to estimate due to
missing pages and an odd naming
convention but there are at least 20
maybe 30 cases undertaken not completed
mind
you it's the middle of March you have
attempted two cases a week on average
what do you mean is that
all the notebook is annual it says 51 on
what remains of its cover a molten strap
of cardboard everything prior to this
must have belonged to a previous volume
in short there was
more huh two complex cases to undertake
is a lot yes you really have to push
yourself I would not suggest it lest you
start making
mistakes two that's a lot I didn't mean
to say you are making mistakes by the
way it was prous of
me it's okay we all make mistakes like a
fan of girls the checkered papers dry in
your hand I still haven't fully
handwriting is extremely dense exactly
mostly illegible exactly what's happened
to this
character
uh it's
like taking on a bunch of cases kind of
drinks himself to death after destroying
a bunch of [__] and going on like an
egotistical
Rampage I feel like I can parse those
basic details but there's no cause yet
no cause I've been able to parse it's
probably something that's been staring
me in the face so far something like
yeah
okay yes it appears you employer shall
we say robust yet literary system each
investigation has its case number
written on the margins yet still more
tellingly most are accompanied by a yeah
it's still early in the playthrough but
I'm just like I'm kind of like updating
where I am mentally with it right now
like that's kind of currently where I
like currently where my understanding
is a title one might say even one that
draws inspiration from Snoop fiction and
vestine cop show Staples
uhhuh yes all caps one is called the
next World mural another the square
Bullet Hole murders another yet the
unsolvable case
others appear more light-hearted the GU
on a couch in an unexpected location and
the murder at the ukar paa even the rare
article free collapsing tenament murder
features prominently throughout it's
going to take an effort to piece these
Case Files together but it can be done
once you're done inspecting them up
close you mean the alic officer precin
time of arrival at the
scene Oh you mean the titular
yes well so do I in our defense almost
everyone in the RCM does it's a hold
over from the early days of the RCM
right after the revolution when the
organization had little idea how to do
things it persists in an unofficial
capacity officers use these titles to
refer to their work among
themselves again in your defense I seem
to have named one the man with the hole
in his head
that was a real person his death was
real still I named it that to amuse
myself interesting I pray his loved ones
never find out rail Spike through the
head he died it was a workplace
accident there is for precisely one more
15 pages near the end remain Untouched
by the damage the checkered grid forms a
structure of passages breaking the case
into subtasks to accomplish once all the
tasks are accomplished the case is
complete the tasks you've completed flow
out of the kind green ape pen in a Brash
freehand similar to the rest of the
letters the wording comes easily it's
almost robotically simple a language
developed for mental rigor and
simplicity
Che
it inspect the victim's body interview
the cafeteria manager it's not exactly
poetry but poetry would be out of
place a satisfying slash sounds across
the paper you're done it seems to say
and you and
you you're a swashbuckler with that pen
Harry and it feels good
feels like
completion my
morale things to be done and things
already done the composition of
reality this is an extremely useful tool
for a detective of the citizens militia
Now All That Remains is to name the case
no actually any
ideas the furries are at home in the
mirror Furies yes well I don't know I
have to be honest I'm not experiencing
the internal strife that refers to and
also could you make it less poetic
somehow just a normal case name you know
think what would that be a good normal
name yes yes you know what that normal
name is but it's so plain Furies could
you make it yes yes you know what that
normal name is but it's so plain
anything huh yes I have to tell you
officer I don't appreciate ironic titles
other officers will have to use this as
reference if it's idiot or [__] finger
they're not going to get it they're
going to think an idiot and a [__]
finger were on this case so do you have
something less funny uh great that's
great that's actually TR what I was
thinking too the hanged man good strong
name we have a very good name for the
case now I'm going to start putting it
the hanged man it's good we s it
deser you don't exactly close them so
much as distance yourself from the
smelly papers they're a little further
from your nose
now yes you can piece them together you
using the alpha numeric code on the
margin it always begins with hdb 41 then
date of initialization and time of
arrival on the scene followed by the
title for example hdb
411201 17 0 0 the next World mural why
yes your precinct number is 41 every
last alpha numeric in the files begins
with it and these are your case files
it's safe to say hdb are your
initials that is
improbable it takes about half an hour
to piece one together using the system
you've devised where do you want to
start this one is relatively easy to
reconstruct overnight on 12:02 a
graffito nay a mural appears on an
8-story tenement overlooking Central
Jamrock the building is a sparsely
inhabited ghost tower part of a failed
real estate development called gron
curon cause of failure rent too high the
mural is enormous Two Silhouettes a man
and a woman are kissing the text cut
into their form
do we really have to show that to kids
do we have we really have to put that
[__] in public come on now True Love Is
Possible only in the next World for new
people it is too late for us reek havoc
on the middle
class people call it that thing and that
[__] thing it's visible for miles in
2 days the station's complaints desk
gets clogged with requests to remove the
bummer you and your partner are assigned
to the case partner the graffito crew is
easy to track down only the Bel leers
have the literage of industrial paint to
cover the surface one of the graphito
artists is rumored to be rich they take
responsibility for the execution but not
the design the idealog of the next World
mural as the crew calls it remains an
unknown the case files do not show you
finding the author of The Design the
crew agrees to clean up after themselves
however your partner JV is against the
removal citing public support for
conservation this leads to a debate in
Precinct 41 which then spreads to the
streets of Jamrock ending in airite
organized by you and the rest of Row 3
the 9,000 people subjected to the
mural's message all of Lakeside Central
Jamrock and Villa Lobos plus half of the
eminent domain participate in the vote
although the case begins with what
appears to be a lot of rambling on the
streets as to how Juvenile and stupid
the mural is given a choice between two
options
I don't know if I'm reading into the
subtext of this
clearly what exactly does this miral
entail
I see I see I see I see I
see I'm understanding
now keep it why not a staggering 78% of
Voters choose to keep it h yeah turns
out the opposition were a loud minority
and that love truly is possible in the
next World for new people and it is too
late for
us in any case it appears to have been a
rare case of civil activity in the
quarter and agreement as well what do
you want to tackle
next AKA Leslie and Burke
aka the public indecency drunk and the
property damage drunk is a cursed case
it has been passed from unsuspecting
officer to unsuspecting officer for 10
years on January 29 the unsolvable case
made its way to you why you accepted it
it is unclear every officer and indeed
most civilians in Jamrock know it's
unsolvable Leslie will always take his
pants off when he's drunk Burke will
always trash everything it's just what
they do it is their nature you cannot
change the nature of a man and you can't
lock them away because public indecency
and small scale property damage are not
punishable by incarceration the only way
for Leslie to stop flashing his genitals
to bypasses and for Burke to stop
dismantling signage and rear view
mirrors would be for them to stop
drinking alcohol which in their 40s or
50s it's hard to tell because of their
distorted features is a medical
improbability on par with you ceasing to
produce the
expression threatening findes dragging
them to the station locking them up in
the hell holes they live in locking them
up in the station h hypnotherapy even
trying to get the local gang of Zaki to
take them out the Zaki gave them ethanol
so bir and Leslie would Expose and
Rampage even harder you tried it all and
still the complaints wouldn't stop as
they hadn't stopped for 10 years it's
plain to see from the files that you
satellite officer JV and special
consultant th had more important cases
to attend to you uncover cross reference
to several ongoing
investigations each brought to a
standstill every time you drive down
Main Street because there they are on
the corner of pedition and what is
Leslie
doing what does Leslie do again
flashing but do they
reverse it's it's an anomaly
right they do the public indecency but
you drive down and what if they're the
one doing the property
damage it's like whoa It's unsolvable
because it's so I don't know good you're
learning if the file are to be trusted
that's all there is to it that and Burke
breaking things and the fact that
they're both drunk but then again so are
you the case becomes considerably less
comic one day when Burke takes a swing
at your Ledger he must have it confused
with the property he likes to damage but
the jok's on him you're drunk out of
your mind on potent pilsner you slam the
hardened plastic board in his face then
you proceed to beat him unconscious with
it in the process The Ledger sustains
damage the compartment within reserved
for permeable documents is jammed shut
you stop your assault on the now
unconscious Burke to open it but are
unable to do so the officer began to cry
reports Leslie who at this point is
tending to Burke he came at us and at us
I think he was trying to kill burko
while trying to kill burko you slowly
come around the permeables compartment
is open youve smashed it open on poor
bur's kneecaps the good news is Burke
can't walk
anymore oh that's a good news oh that's
just what I was thinking can't get out
of his apartment an invalid with Burke
to tend to Leslie Cuts back on the
indecent exposure maybe he flashes his
genitals to Burke who knows but both
drunks are off the street the complaint
stopped
the unsolvable case is solved which is
also why the officer responsible
narrowly escapes a disciplinary hearing
the end do you want to read another
one it would be very interesting to read
about these wouldn't it I mean there
seems to be a square shaped entry wound
in the victim's forehead she's been
sitting there for weeks on her rocking
chair with a square hole in her skull
staring at the wall her mouth a gate
that's all you got from the half hour
you've spent piecing it together all you
know is the entry wound was Square
shaped you never found the bullet and
then another body showed up also with a
square hole who knows those pages are
missing what next one day you may still
catch the man with the square gun I want
to find the man with a square gun some
[__] brought their couch outside and
hung out on it in the middle of the
street on the roof on the hillside by
the motorway you know at an unexpected
location they were young and they
thought they looked cool on
it insufferable dicks young people are
the worst so anyway you got to complaint
about the damn sofa or couch whatever it
is they were leaving it out in all these
unexpected and Whimsical locations
uned too where they also took photos of
themselves on it and smoked cigarettes
and drank coffee because they felt it's
intellectual cigarette butts coffeee
cups stupid couch you had to clean it
all up and you did so congratulations to
you case solved no you didn't have time
for that these notes show that you have
what is called a real godamn job you
don't have time to to be chasing down
the couch [__] you have a real job
to do what next murder tum tum tum at
the hookala was a case originally
assigned to an officer called Joseph
Mills who is now dead of circumstances
completely unconnected to murder at the
Hooka paror pineapple Joseph no how
could this
be beaten to death by a throne of
Villalobos gang members when him and his
partner JM only initials mentioned
answered the call one night it's a sad
story and it isn't really represented in
your case files stop stalling and get to
the murder at the hook cabala Joseph
Mills was on this case that he just
couldn't solve was doing it solo said it
was a real Nutcracker a real brain
twister was on it for like a month the
captain got impatient [__] or get off
the pot pot
Mills Mills didn't get off the pot not
yet he kept at it for a couple of weeks
more Wrecking his brains running with
every Theory as outlandish as they
seemed still couldn't solve the murder
at the
ukala tough case he said toughest he's
ever
had what question is this no he was
awful awful sense of humor too the worst
jokes you ever heard really rapy still
he been on it for months now said it was
the final case said it was uncrackable
that murderer vanished Into Thin Air
that godamn hook capala was all he
talked about okay so the case is handed
to you because Mills isn't getting
anywhere and you look into it here's the
setup a young man is found dead in the
hookah paror you know those places where
you go and smoke bubblegum flavor Vapor
all
day yeah so anyway young man in his 20s
found with his skull busted open right
on the floor of the hook cabala in the
middle of the day no one else is in
there only client that day in perfect
health too some kind of movie producer
no one enters no one exits he's just
sucking on his watermelon hookah all
morning in all noon like he usually does
yeah that's he's
regular no calls nothing just sucking on
the hookah until 1545 sucking on the
hook then bam he's dead on the floor
with his skull busted open blood
everywhere what happened how can it be
Mills has no idea invisible assassin
movil gone sour girl at the counter did
it Nothing fits eerie
man just dropped dead so you go to The
Parlor you see cushions around the table
tables low heavy really sharp
edge see you can't even read the thing
without solving it yeah it was that
turns out hookah does do something it
turns off your brain's oxygen supply and
you don't notice it until you get up to
go to the
bathroom smoking hookah didn't you hear
I don't know trying to come up with a
movie script maybe anyway that was
murder at the hookah par Joseph Mills
wasn't a good detective and about 30
minutes has passed piecing it together
next there's no Nexus done not much has
changed in the meanwhile a bunch of sodn
papers still sags from the
clipboard in the back you see thin
translucent copy of paper some neon
yellow some bright red all covered in
boxes like marching armies these look
like official forms waiting to be filled
out finally the pest forms then rip them
from the binder and hand them out
according to type of form three the
topmost are misconduct fins the middle
ones are station calls and the
bottommost are field autopsy forms each
is easy enough to make sense
of you don't have to be an intellectual
giant to do police work well that much I
know a monetary penalization ranging
from 20 to 250
R severe cases allow for 1,000 R but
that requires special paperwork the
details of issuing these fins are spread
out over the rest of the fields can I
give one of those to
Kuno but they appear pleasantly vague
can I give one of those to kudo
holy [__] can I give one of those to
Kudo Kudo got no money Kuno doesn't give
a [__] you're right sorry these are
quite Sinister in turn they give a date
and time for the person to appear at the
specified Precinct Police Station below
the call are the criminal charges you
risk by not appearing all in a print so
small it could be considered downright
cute a does pages of thin copy paper
bright red in color you see the
parameters of a deceased human form
waiting to be filled in age sex
condition of internal
organs yes All That Remains now is to
fill those forms and hand them to people
fines for wrongdoers interview requests
for bad guys and field autopsies to dead
guys the rest of the stinking cellulose
is much worse for we being sandwiched
between the board and the rest of the
paperwork must have spared The Fragile
copy of paper it takes about half not
much Arsen petty theft spouse will you
don't exact it's made of dark blue
plastic hard enough to beat someone to
submission with the edges are rounded
however the u4 size board feels thick
and heavy in your hand light shimmers on
its wet surface on the back you see the
embossed letters RCM sh something
rattles inside ever so lightly is there
a hidden compartment and something small
inside light made of paper or cardboard
or dried flowers perhaps permeables it's
not hidden per se the compartment is
made for permeable materials that would
get damaged if something happened to it
the plastic shimmers like lapis lazuli
but it is not seethrough you cannot see
to its center with your hands you forze
Pages hang from the clip screwed to the
top of the
board what if I fail at
92% the two sides of the board appear
slightly misaligned like a drawer that's
come off its slides if you bend the
plastic on your knee
slowly the slides snap back into place
it should be possible to just you know
without resistance or sound the two
panels move move against each other the
compartment is now open two ticket stops
and a handmade
postcard [__] kill yourself you
[__] two octopuses are smiling
reaching their tentacles toward each
other in the colored pencil drawings the
tickets permit access to the zoo in
riversa East the aquarium costs extra
these let you go there too hey y thin
wax paper has been glued to a piece of
cardboard
sounds like leaves russling when you
pick it up you see Violet flowers floral
patterns patches of glue of course I'm
going to smell it first am I stupid it
smells of chewing gum apricot flavored a
touch of cinnamon the end of summer you
think the label says Tutti fruti
familiar handwriting lines the inside of
the card looped round letters in a
woman's hand a young woman in her 20s
there is Care Effort and a smile you
think although that is not something you
can read from someone's handwriting
Harry it begins Harry you're already
reading I wanted to write you a letter
so you can read it when you wake up
maybe it will make you happy your hand
shakes holding the card every morning
when I step out and you're asleep behind
me it says I find a little piece of
sadness in me
I carry it in my chest down Voyager road
every step I take it grows by the time I
reach the fuel station it has filled me
entirely I step onto the Light Rail and
look back Sparks fall from the bow
collector I know it will be like this
until late afternoon when I get off the
42 and walk back to you you you every
step I take will get lighter it almost
makes me run sometimes I do I can't
believe I met you I can't believe the
happiness I feel with you you have a
vast vast soul and I will always always
always come back to it kisses kisses
kisses you feel the air sucked out of
your lungs and the blood sucked out of
your head everything around you gets
dark small white dots
appear yeah you feel The Ledger slip
from your hand oh
yeah I'll fall sideways why
not
[Music]
huh there is nothing again
what nothing sad brother no treachery
just blackout well almost nothing there
is the ground below you that's still
there and the small light that's on
flattering somewhere in the basil ganga
that's me blue eyes that's
me who was W his speak s of the
sickening longing the unwell
emotion even in the darkness he's
grasping for it still trying to hold on
to the great Sorrows slipping in the
water
slimy here in the Paleo meleon cortex we
call it the shadow no you don't that's
Creek flow that's Creek fl's job because
it's always there tell him tell him ah
yes in the old factory system they call
it the apricot chewingum scented one
it's unhealthy of them to linger on it
so but as they
say what do you
do yeah man [__] everything Total
Blackout
forever bloated corpse of the past
research
puring
beautiful believe me stupid a its lack
of beauty was not the
problem there is no Voyager Road there
are no roads no houses no lights in the
windows it's all on pause you think they
would let you until you disintegrate
into
biomolecules now someone is breathing on
your face now inspecting your pupil
stupid
idiot yes they're pouring something on
you it's in you and
it's it's delicious glowing lights on a
dashboard emerge out of
nothingness oh in the upholstered cabin
of Lieutenant Kit's motor Carriage
seated in the driver's basket the air is
thick with leather works and heavy fuel
oil cold water runs down your chin drink
water the water is cold silvery the
stuff of life itself as it pours down
your parched throat the pounding in your
head recedes drink you haven't drunk
water in two days did you know the human
body is not made to survive on alcohol
alone you need a secondary form of
hydration with greedy guls you down half
a liter of cold water some of it spills
on the driver's seat the lieutenant pays
no heed to it what
happened you are reading your paperwork
then you passed out I carried you to Mya
to take you to a hospital then you came
to 10 minutes
maybe that does sometimes
happen he replies with such
understanding it's as if the burnt out
ruins of the past were an occupational
hazard aete foot for
cops you dropped this are you okay to
proceed
good finally back back in the free with
my stupid flashlight The Ledger of
failure and hatred is a special item
that can be used both as an interactable
and a tool equipped in your held slot
for skill bonuses find it under the
tools tab in your inventory oh is The
Ledger a failure in hatred a special
item oh is it news to me bro
what what C what we should think about
calling it today maybe the nights are
still miserably cold this time of year
we should take care of that then let's
talk to him anyway an officer of the RCM
shouldn't be sleeping in the street
we'll figure something out
anything interesting to
say yeah okay good
can I help
you thanks I hope you found what you
were looking
for how strange I certainly didn't put
them
there Sylvie had the keys before I got
here and I can vouch for her I can vouch
for all my stuff none of us would tamper
with the crime
scene I think fug states are more your
Forte officer the trash collection
service CS Municipal I don't see why
they would put anything in the trash
though ah The elusive CS Municipal I
doubt we'll be able to track down who
was sent here last and when this will
have to be one of those little threats
that solves itself down the road thank
you
anyway yes yes have you got
it does that Arrangement include you pay
me what we already agreed you owe
me I understand your predicament as the
manager however I feel I must remind you
that we are here to conduct an important
investigation that also affects your
business forgive me for saying this but
your colleague seems more committed to
drinking and I mean no offense it's
really nothing personal I just have to
protect the interests of this
establishment not until you bring me the
money okay I might have something in my
Moto Carriage we can use when you're
done here oh Lieutenant we're done
here how do I get money I have $
what's up with era
28 what is up with ER 28 what do you
mean also I must remind everyone I have
Dark Souls brain
inside you see a set of steering levers
a radio microphone a pullout toolbox and
the soft glow of the fuel preheater
gauge I have something here we could
sell look in the back in the suspect
transport enclosure transport enclosure
regular people just call it the cage yes
the quick scope eror what about it what
do you what do you mean what's up with
that that smile that Dam
smile oh YouTube Just Gass at you oh
[__] so
sorry the cage at the back of the motor
Carriage looks rather uncomfortable four
shiny hubcaps are stacked against the
seat the silver edges Sparkle in the
dark I confiscated this for a little
while back we can take them to the pawn
shop down by the Martinez canal
there are spinner hub caps frivolous
things you put on your wheels when the
wheels come to a stop the Caps keep on
spinning there's no real use for them
it's just for vanity honestly that
sounds like an amazing physics
demonstration a couple of weeks ago I
stopped a young man for going slower
than the speed of traffic turns out he
was some Coalition officials son and hi
mhm I took them and arrested him for
driving Under the
Influence I engage with Souls like games
emotionally but I understand what you
mean interfacing is blown away by the
fidget spinners for car wheels
I don't know is it I was going to take
them into evidence but they weren't
necessary for conviction he never asked
for them back when are we taking
homosexual
underground okay I feel like that's
timeout worthy and you can think about
it try again you're you're free to try
again at a future dat
yes there's one 100 m south of here I
think it's called Roy Nest or something
if I'm not mistaken it should be open
late items that can be poured at bird's
nest Roy appear in your inventory under
the items tab you can PA these items
when talking to Roy
I know it's an actual thought in the
game I'm making a silly saying silly
things not silly cuz I mean
it no no that that would be silly I
just I don't know why I kept them it
doesn't matter I couldn't put them on
this MC anyway a cup with spinners that
would be
outrageous he flashes a smile barely
visible in the dark
as I said they're useless anyway I
should have remembered I have these
earlier the lieutenant nods as you take
the Spinners all right ready I turn you
press start it's next to the preheater
the dashboard lights up with orange glow
the r Gage jumps and the
engine comes to life with a whiny growl
like a leopard waking from its sleep
yawning and roaring at the same
time the lights unfold with a little
click casting electrical light onto the
ground before the vehicle there you go
I'll turn them off from the remote once
you're done we just need to stand in
front of the machine
now as you hold your Ledger clip under
the headlamp an iridescent hologram
appears a street grid and the veins of a
Great River a familiar sensation washes
over you there she is re
West around the borders of the watermark
are dozens no hundreds of micr
perorations the rectangular Watermark is
overlaid with the logo of the RCM and
yet the major arteries of riversol are
all recognizable they Shimmer in the
cana's Headlights
you catch a faint Glimmer from a broken
beer bottle in the distance sounds two
men engaged in a drunken argument
followed by the closing of some distant
window ah Martinez at
night let me see right here
no it does
not there are many of them and they are
divided into three separate
rows the first row has 18
dots the next is the longest it runs all
the way around the border and then some
you count
216 perforations considering that nice
large number a wave of Pride washes over
you though you can't say why
precisely the last row has three
perforations that's
it those are perforations they represent
your record as an officer of the RCM
there are your statistics as it were I
should have guessed you'd keep a record
officers often do let's take a look
alpha male officers who are proud of
their numbers often do it's meant the
first row represents your years of
service 18 years okay not bad at all
what did you do before you
volunteered Fair Point let's move on sh
this next rle the one that wraps all the
way around is your number of closed
cases closed is good it means finished
you've got let's see wow more than
200 it's quite a lot even for someone
who's been on the force for nearly two
decades usually clearing more than 10
cases a year puts you in the 9 years
percentile of all RCM officers
right those are your confirmed kills
you've got precisely three perforations
there for an RCM officer especially pris
in 41 which is in the Jamrock quarter
it's rather tame I mean that in a good
way there are certain officers who treat
their kills like some kind of ghoulish
game if they do happen to solve a case
it's usually by accident
but it seems as though you are or at
least were one of the good ones so we
have that to be thankful
for
yes everyone has their own method of
coping some more effective or
self-destructive than
others personally I find it helps to
keep up a few
Hobbies all this and that let's not get
into it now why not gardening you've
already got the
gloves the lieutenant nods right I'll go
turn off the lights you can now see your
statistics on your journal page to the
right of the task
description I see I see
oh honor is a statistic I was wondering
if that was going to be the case because
I saw that one option from earlier said
for
Honor like that that feels like a
quantification rather than just a
throwaway
line no significance SES yeah I'm going
like pretty pretty blind and I'm
preferring it that
way so okay okay they said
South and South is
just Why is Kuno in giant
letters I didn't okay Kuno has
disappeared oh wait can I
evoke invoke Kuno
okay so I'm assuming direction is just
normal just south is this way
that's a
trash wait so we are going to the pawn
shop that's not it is
it oh you think it's there oh
can I open this
oh wait what do the gloves do for me
right
now just one
interfacing fine style
points no why do I have no pause
anymore if I just read this [__]
sign I would have like answered my
question
oh okay
eh you see rows of toy soldiers guarding
the rest of the trinkets displayed on
the table some on Horseback others in
rags others yet in bright blue uniforms
all are Stern and unyielding in their
Duty CU those guy
weird big men on big horses glad in Mela
armor and carrying Flint locks the kind
that would mow down a line of enemy
soldiers in the blink of an
eye mhm I used to be very serious about
my Franco Nigerian
Knights they're not all blue these
figurines also wear gold coats and caps
complemented by orange trousers they are
variously posed wielding swords and
rifles with bayonets
this is what the Loyalists look like yes
at first then they WIS up in good
camouflage put the rub gloves back on
which
ones ah those yes they are I find the
paint job a bit gy but children like the
bright colors
indiscriminantly oh CU it get bonus to
interfacing
I did throw the ball into the ocean
indeed you see rows of toy soldiers
guarding the rest of the trinkets
displayed on the table some on Horseback
others in rags others yet in bright blue
uniforms all are Stern and unyielding in
their Duty little
kit stop talking about the
twink let the twink stand let him be my
bodyguard let him do his job
why what's this a headless man riding a
horse a headless man wearing futuristic
tracksuit trousers that sa
found oh that's the Headless phone Rider
of course the Headless phone Rider it's
an urban
legend about a man who rods the streets
of riversol sporting a foren
tracksuit as you see he's missing his
head 50 cents bargain priced I'll throw
in the tiny cap too I think he's looking
for it or something that part of the
story has many
interpretations he lost his cap when he
lost his head perhaps he's looking for
the
head that's
interesting um
okay this set of soldiers isn't meant to
look impressive a few have rifles but
most of them carry pistols some even
shovels and toall
sticks you're probably talking about the
revolutionaries yes yes they are
soldiers revolutionary
soldiers I think their poverty has been
exaggerated for effect when you place
them next to the royalist it doesn't
seem like they could possibly
win Maybe
if you don't mind please put the
flashlight away some of us have photonic
sensitivities photonic sensitivity is
not generally acknowledged by the
medical
establishment I do appreciate it
so I just take it
off from my flashlight my silly
flashlight well at least I can just
uh-uh uh-uh gu I can do that now it's
not often that I see officers from the
RC why Kim do a little
shimy Kim Kim did like a little fortnite
dance what was that all about did anyone
see
that K was like
what can I do for you his courtesy is
not insincere but he prefers being alone
with his projector just watching the
movement of light across the walls of
the
shop oh no not at all I guess I haven't
had many customers LLY RCM or otherwise
who are your customers usually all kinds
of people come through here locals
Travelers people looking for a deal
people looking for a keep sake people
who are terminally bored as you can see
I have a wide selection of goods for
everyone to choose from
it keeps me
entertained he's well composed but
underneath it you sense psychedelic
processes bubbling some kind of drug
maybe feeling warm and ined by the
movement of light while the mine
continues to race forward Lucky Bastard
he's probably on paridon it's tough to
come by on the street a drug developed
by the military to treat and prevent
radiation sickness it has psychedelic
side effects and it makes your eyes turn
yellow I try to keep the shop at a
comfortable temperature
I'm not offended
officer yes we'd like to sell these
hubcaps Roy takes the hubcaps from the
lieutenant and inspects them the
Spinners appear iridescent in the
dancing light of his porn shop yes these
are very very good did you defraud some
foreign Prince for them jump aesque
banger no matter I'll give you 200 rale
no one was defrauded or Jun I assure
you of course I meant no
offense 200 rale for you officer you
want me to eat the drugs Delight for
doing business with you do come again
you you want me to eat the
drugs is that what you want the drugs
there we go was that
better drugs good for passing a skill
check are
they that actually doesn't sound like
it's wrong in the context of the game
this is a Derma stream no it's a cocaine
stream hinyard you you did you did not
sleep very
long twink twink
cocaine increases some stats temporarily
that's fire
real this is this is like some real talk
uh like drugs are super chill I just
don't do them because I don't like being
in an like an altered state of like
mental awareness if I can help it so I
don't drink I don't smoke I don't doar
drugs or
anything nothing against it I just like
I I I I don't like I don't like being in
an altered state of of of mental space
if that makes sense it's like an
existential thing I
think thank you here's the 130 real you
need for your bill do not waste
it why is there a bong on girls cuz I'm
supportive and also uh Alien of Fortune
he just wanted to put it on there the
rest is for him to compensate for the
pain of being separated from his radian
Spinners any anytime people uh anytime
artists I'm working with put like drugs
in the cover of stuff it's like
that's just cuz they wanted to I don't
really ask for them to do it and I let
them anything else you're thinking of
selling Kim why are you turning to me
I'd like to sell my
clothes access your Pawn menu anything
else you're thinking of
selling I I'd like to continue with the
on top if that's okay with
everyone
um no okay if anyone I think it's pretty
much just been all the same viewers for
the past like hour or two or so but if
there happens to be like a someone
coming in like walking
in and they're just like why is that on
screen everyone just be like what are
you talking about there's nothing on
screen here wait like if it get
smaller but but if anyone's just just
like why does it say that everyone just
everyone just pretend that it's not
there just be like what the [__] are you
talking
about all right are we agreed nice okay
can we sell the can we sell this is
there
nothing is there no use for this other
than selling
it you should keep it okay I am a
kleptomaniac
a Time
perhaps I doubt it but I can try and
answer any questions you may have I do
my best to keep my distance from all
manner of Butchery bad for business bad
for everyone he doesn't know anything
the porn broker's gaze is already fixed
on the dancing colors
wow a very large red t-shirt with an
impressive print stands out from the
other guard oh yeah the print depicts a
muscled man striding toward you a giant
sword in each hand I knew it was C by
burning embers behind him is a cluster
of cabins engulfed in flames beneath him
other words helal
burning sure it is smells like worn
cotton and a little old Sweat There worn
cotton with a side a flea market or
trash bin sniffing is okay but please
don't try anything on can't have you
leaving your Photon emissions in the
fabric of things you're not going to buy
drama and rhetoric are legit so helpful
sometimes I genuinely can't tell what
these people are trying to
imply this is what it's like to have
little assistance when living with
autism cuz I I I wish I had them in real
life I'm missing them they're were
separated from me at
Birth
wait I can interact with the object a
typical Martina street light sits among
assorted floor and table
lamps the light pole has been carefully
cut and the wiring has been redone and
attached to a standard indoor plug the
light buzzes faintly but persistently
this would make quite a statement in
your living room I don't have a living
room yes officer as you see it's in
perfect working order his manner is
casual but his speech is careful
measured he wants you to know that he
has nothing to hide it was brought to me
to be altered we are not here to
investigate the theft of city property
you have to admit it's rather clever
what he's done with
it Kim's kind of chill
700 rale a bargain I dare
say there's also the matter of rewiring
but the most important transformation is
the light's placement among ordinary
indoor fixtures which has adjusted his
morphological field the light became
suitable for use inside the home just a
few days ago
the boom boxes on the Shelf look well
loved and well traveled chipped dented
they stare at you with the unblinking
eyes of their tape reels one especially
catches your eye deep gold and Amber
plastic with a big old handle on top a
classic boom box that says stereo 8
approved just make sure it works before
you buy it
absolutely I've tested each one myself
with recordings of speech found sounds
and music from a variety of
genres even though I don't really like
music
okay is the Harmon weli
W2 made in Vesper designed in SE plays
all real toore formats 2 mm 8 mm 12 mm
it's even got a little radio in there
it'll set you back 12
Royale greetings on this fine night what
brings you
here the porn shop is always
open is it
no tapes
though I want I on my light
back give me my light
back finally Christ
can I help
you yes have you got
it
well great thank you officer that's all
I wanted payment for services rendered
if you continue to stay here I just ask
that you please pay your nightly bill in
advance starting tomorrow I'll unlock
the electronic lock to your room all the
doors lock automatically at 900
p.m. please pay for each night in
advance starting tomorrow 20 rale per
night I'll take a room here too of
course always happy to have officers
from the RCM as guests anything else I
can do for
you hey so we've been monitoring you
internally and now we know your Cobo
type yes
guess what's
yours I'm sorry you had to monitor me
okay just for the length of this short
demonstration please say something that
isn't I'm sorry guess what is
it sorry cop I'm sorry I'm not sure
sorry cop the cop who's sorest let's
make it official then shall we
oh you know apocalypse superstellar the
advanced interesting cop liquid Shadow
cop but you're too sorry to say those
things so here we
go they should be sorry yes yes impotent
rage and lamentation let's wrap it up no
you don't come on you'll be back to
saying sorry in 2 minutes stop wasting
time and begin the repentance what
jealous of the sorry cop I think they'll
be fine don't worry they'll be super
super fine it'll be totally okay you can
duel cppo type from sorry to anything
wow okay [__] off maybe we were wrong
about you
then [__] off
this is the door to the room you
redecorated just a moment you had some
questions earlier I believe and besides
we should discuss our progress on the
investigation let's go out to the
balcony you can take me to the balcony
any time
cam the air outside is brisk the
Lieutenant is silent I mean you dumb
twink he listens to the traffic hum
then where shall We Begin we should talk
about the investigation first and
foremost but I also remember you're
wanting to discuss the
RCM I have a cigarette every night when
I go over my notes it's something of a
retro oh man he looks so devastatingly
cool with that
did I focus ground
stream okay here's this is a genuine
question can can I get these two to
romance it does that begin with
cigarettes in my head yeah oh
no good that's no
good it's a confident proposition listen
listen they have great
chemistry one's the smart useful one the
other one's a [__]
[__] try homosexual
underground you mean this this isn't
cool it's an unnecessary trial of Will
and unhealthy yet we to quit he would
lose the cool Factor this man relishes
his cool quite a bit below it all I
apologize but I only brought one with me
I have exactly one cigarette every night
while going over my notes yes it's been
a long and even full
day well we didn't really look at the
body but we performed a thorough search
of the premises of the crime scene
that's great
but I'm not the sorry cop I can't say
the
thing it's not my job to evaluate your
methodology officer I'm just going
through the facts as for the interviews
we weren't able to find the union leader
Evra Clair much less interview him so
that's on the to-do list for
tomorrow we didn't talk to the wild
pin's rep we really must do that
tomorrow B though today was exhausting
what with all the running you run a lot
is that a standard pring 41
practice it's impressive especially for
a man your age and in those
Hills nice shoes by the way by like the
green goes with the
orange tell me they have dialogue for
every single possible outfit you could
be wearing here they're quite limited
actually the power officers of theal
citizens militia exercise most
frequently is imposing fines of up to
1,000 real for offenses in accordance
with an interdepartmental
schedule the rcm's primary role is to
ensure safety we are not really supposed
to play any part in the economic
structure of Rashon yes although
indirectly as Citizens can always
request records from their local station
officials of the RCM have been known to
take bribes of less than the prescribed
Finance I do know he's called we
encountered that lore already we can
arrest people of course but rather than
bringing someone indirectly it's
preferable to Ser a station cly it
prevents confusion and
overcrowding you can't those who don't
show up become fugitives though and have
fewer legal rights when they are
eventually caught it's about power
projection thus far they seem to mostly
show up as you may have gathered from
the fact that we are expected to carry a
record of our kills like the one in your
watermarks we are permitted to use
whatever force is necessary and strongly
admonished not to abuse that
power you have to supply compelling
evidence for why it was necessary to use
lethal force in this cases your partner
is usually your witness not a good
position to be in by the way internal
affairs handles these cases thoroughly
by cross-examining you for
inconsistencies it is hard to cover for
anyone which is for the best we don't
convict we arrest and send them to
coalition government courts in kuron and
lad Delta the prosecution Works off our
testimonies and Records which is why
it's Paramount to keep
them the coalition government and the
moral intern more broadly drcm was
formed by the coalition government to
restore order in the international Zone
After the Revolution so we did now we
attempt to maintain that order no more
no
less or perhaps it is better to say we
were allowed to form it's a point of
contention whether the citizens of rol
or the coalition government founded the
RCM silence a great comment to such a
conundrum the moralist international are
the world's largest political
organization you know who they are they
have been running this place after the
revolution
failed there are a union of Center left
and center right parties across the real
belt our coalition government is just
one of its many projects they also run
the ICP epis most interg
government do they really
what do they believe in they are
Deloreans they believe they continue the
humanist project set forth by her
innocence doore day four centuries ago
others say they are just technocrats
those others say they continue the
humanist project set forth by dores day
interesting question it's a blue forget
me not their motto is love compassion
self- discipline I think you can gaug
what they want you to think of them from
something kind and usual something
almost
self-explanatory something like the dark
blue serious color of the early night
sky
above the historic figure the author of
the modern AG you will have to look
elsewhere for opinions the subject of
humanism is too abstract for me the
moral intern are a fact I try not to
have opinions on facts until they change
and it doesn't look like that's about to
happen do you
the interesting
no we are stoies of the world's biggest
Bourgeois organization protecting the
people of rash that's the hand we were
dealt without the Mi we would be common
Vigilantes spoken like a revolutionary
not a cup but hypothetically aside in
Martinez we already are vigilante
at least the union thinks so I expect
our job here to prove quite
challenging yeah it's getting very cold
now let's
go what was
that oh glad I didn't miss
that okay
kimothy
by the bed is cold and and not
particularly inviting but it's yours the
sheets look
awful the sheets feel at once coarse and
clammy against your skin the bed sags
beneath your weight as you stretch out
and finally close your
eyes massive text in the upper left
corner
of the
game it's just black for me right
now upper text in the upper left corner
all the text is mostly on the right
right right
corner over the
game and then
sleep and then sleep doesn't
come God damn it this is just my life
this isn't a video game this is not fun
obviously you're in bed with your eyes
closed but it's not happening maybe it's
the bed's
fault it's synthetic filling has
separated into hard lumps the pillowcase
smells oddly smells of alcohol and sweat
and grease it barely covers your toes
stretching over your soft belly this is
your body here intimate and warm
breathing a bit tense in the muscles
relax is a little better colors scenes
and half formed phrases still litter
your mind part of you is still trying to
solve the case isn't it something to do
with what was it that the lieutenant
said Union and it's gone again your
thoughts lost between the slowing brain
waves something to do something
something something something to your
breathing steady is a great silence
washes over you until your eyelids
twitch in your sleep and images images
start forming
[Music]
what oh it's like a vision can I walk
into the the the no okay
oh I get it this go
elium do you remember the scent of your
childhood do you remember your wife's
hand on your
face do you remember the warmth of her
thighs between her legs and in her
mouth you you know who I
am I'm the bad
day the one where you ask her and then
later in the streets
wondering it's the worst day of all time
Harry
dear and it's
coming she will hear about it on the
phone reality will turn into a grotesque
nightmare this will be the last thing
you did to her tell me
do you remember the love of your
life oh no funky baby you stay funky it
was the rest of it that left or you just
stood there with one hand on the bottle
and the other on your dick watching it
go tell me where are your friends human
beings have friends Harry
boy where the hell are your
no it's gone three times gone and never
coming
back you
failed you failed
me you fail
elisium
everything the pile and the
eelus on the
surface the outer magnetosphere
burning Furious
truth
8,000 years of written history
history you really dropped the B
Harry 4.6 billion billion people and you
you found every single one of them you
really [__] up you know what I mean
no you haven't you're just sleep talking
and the ACT is wearing thin
too the spots on the disco ball fade
around you mhm you'll be back in those
cold snake skins in no time sweating up
the bear okay stinky
boy you're not coming back from [__]
thrashing around in that high
conductivity state of yours bumping into
things and acting like a
clown who are you
kidding you're trying to want I can't
hear you this is just a word dream now
jumbled up garbage the pictures are gone
the bed Rises to meet you a thin sleep
likee state
more glass than velvet grinding in your
head so something is wrong sleep
shouldn't be this bad this dry this
unnourished
there's something wrong with your
thoughts some kind of new type of
Hangover God there is another type oh
yes party boy and it's worse than the
one before
just think of the [__] you saw here it
comes too so soon already a silent alarm
goes off in your head like clockwork
barely let you sleep at all time to get
those clothes on har time to go in the
[__] Factory I don't want to do
that can I go somewhere else
get out
idiot good going
buddy I just had the most beautiful
uplifting
dream really because you feel even worse
this morning than you did last night you
mean why are you so tired too tired and
down to even think it is worrying isn't
it it's just that your heart has finally
pumped all the speed out of your system
Buster time to get some more you're too
weak to say no now waken up is the worst
part maybe somewhere down the line you
could
decline speed is a potent central
nervous system still stimulant it kept
you propped up all day yesterday despite
your debilitating hangover how else did
you think you even got up from this
floor it's power man it's
professionalism it makes you feel like
you're young again and ready to detect
ready to go to war against the
world are you sure ready to live as this
pathetic shell of yourself for days
basically a week let's be honest two
weeks maybe three you won't make it half
the town will be dead by then you will
be
fired increase the size of the drug text
is there a setting where I can change
the where's the
volume yeah oh there we go
see you can do
that okay genuine question is
there is there a downside to me saying
no to opting
out optional side
quest do I would have to do if you say
yes
okay probably debuffs
later sure funny drugs fast recovery man
quick turnaround super detective back in
action the bed is still cold from the
broken window and not too inviting but
it's yours you've earned it
okay I think it's a very good I think
it's a very good spot
to conclud for
now probably have a lot to go because
that's just day one past two streams
have just been day one
okay
wait there's
tiberious hopefully
tiberious um yeah 10 hours of this game
for day one which is
interesting
um unless it's the elf
stream I think next stream will probably
just be uh probably just be this again
and
yeah that's uh I am so locked in I don't
even have anything to say about the
balloon Champion the balloon Champion
Harry stinky
boy and his sidekick twink
kimothy but uh yeah thanks for joining
us and uh staring at the balloon the
balloon Champion looks at the body
it's very good
bye bye